DMX went to visit his family ... and he could go to jail as a result.The rapper is out on bail in his tax evasion case, and one of the conditions was that he must give the judge a heads-up if he blows out of town. He left New York to see family in St. Louis, without telling hizzoner ... and that could be a deal breaker.DMX's attorney, Murray Richman, tells TMZ ... it seems like X just forgot, because he was preoccupied with the trip.Richman says X usually notifies his probation officer if he's leaving New York to perform, so this is unlike him. He's guessing the judge will show a little mercy and just up the restrictions -- like requiring an ankle bracelet -- but Richman vows to fight it.Nicholas Biase, a spokesman for the  US attorney for the southern district of NY, tells us X is set to appear in court later this week.
Miss BumBum 2017 contestants scored on each other ... and the entire planet cheered.You know Brazil takes its fútbol seriously when part of the bootyful contest also means getting down and dirty on the pitch for some awesome girl-on-girl action. They kicked it. They banged it. They kneed it and they even put their asses into it ... literally.
3:47 PM PT -- A rep for Chris tells TMZ ... Shar has every right to respond however she'd like, but Chris and his family are choosing to settle this in court and not in the media or on TV. Shar Jackson is apoplectic that Chris Massey accused her of abusing his 2-year-old daughter (Shar's granddaughter) ... saying her very public history as a parent is more than proof she'd never hurt a child.Shar bristled at Chris' claims she hit his daughter, Mariah, last month and left a razor blade cut on her forehead. Shar -- who also had 2 kids by Kevin Federline -- says the claims are boldfaced lies and she's now got her own plan of attack ... against Chris.As for the alleged razor blade injury to Mariah, Shar says the girl accidentally cut herself during a Facetime between her mom (Shar's daughter) and Chris back in May. Shar says she wasn't even there.
The man who kept O.J. Simpson's getaway Bronco hidden for roughly 22 years wants more than $500,000 for the infamous ride ... and he's hoping to get it from the guys on "Pawn Stars."Simpson's former agent, Mike Gilbert, got in touch with Rick Harrison in the hopes of unloading the car he got from Al Cowlings following the 1994 slow speed chase on the 405 freeway.During the episode, which airs Monday on History, Gilbert told the guys he's had very serious offers in the past -- but wants more than half a mil or no deal.The challenge for Rick -- we've never seen him spend that kind of money on the show before. The most expensive items ever sold at the Pawn Shop were gold bars valued at $128,000.
Carrie Fisher -- who starred in the globally iconic 'Star Wars' franchise as Princess Leia -- left an estate worth nearly $7 million to her daughter, Billie Lourd.In new docs filed by the executor of Carrie's estate, Billie stands to inherit $6.8 million in personal property left by Carrie. TMZ broke the story, Carrie died after suffering a massive heart attack aboard a flight from London to LAX.It's interesting ... although $6.8 million is nothing to sneeze at, considering the most recent 'Star Wars' installment featuring Carrie grossed more than $2 BILLION, you'd think her estate might be more flush with cash.It's possible there could be additional money in trusts not reflected in this probate case ... which Billie could also collect.
Usher isn't letting his herpes scandal get in the way of his music career ... because we've learned he's in the studio right now with Jermaine Dupri.Usher is in an L.A. studio recording for a new album, produced by Jermaine. We're told Usher literally hasn't missed a beat in the wake of multiple lawsuits alleging he exposed sexual partners to herpes.It's interesting ... Usher headlined at the Cincinnati Music Festival alongside Mary J. Blige last month, 5 days after a woman filed a $20 million lawsuit against him, claiming her exposed her to the STD.
Mike Vick is officially on a sex time out -- with his wife formally pulling booty privileges over his stupid comments about Colin Kaepernick's afro.Kijafa Vick called out the QB on their reality show, "Baller Wives" -- saying she was sick of getting attacked on social media over the bad advice Mike dished out last month on FS1."Why does he have to change his hair to get a job?" Kijafa asked."I don’t know, Kijafa – I was wrong."Mike tried to explain himself ... "I shouldn’t have said what I said. No one in any race should be stereotyped based on the way they look, dress, act -- but that’s the reality of the world we live in."Kijafa says the drama surrounding the comments makes her "relive a part of our life that I want to put in the past" ... a clear reference to the dog fighting scandal.In the end, Vick apologized to his wife -- but still, no booty.
Gov. Terry McAuliffe has a clear message for Donald Trump for the sake of world salvation -- "Knock it off."We got the Virginia democrat at an event Wednesday in Pentagon City, and he's alarmed to say the least at the President's "fire and fury" rhetoric directed at North Korea.It's interesting ... check out this video of President Harry Truman back in August 1945 -- the day we dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima -- when he used language almost identical in tone to Trump's.
Kendall Jenner is selling her house of horrors ... TMZ has learned.Our sources say Kendall has a buyer on the line for the home that was burglarized earlier this year. It's also the house where a crazed fan followed her up her driveway.So, after arrests, restraining orders and grief, we've learned Kendall's WeHo home is now in escrow. We don't know what the buyer is paying, but we're guessing if Kendall got anywhere near the $6.5 mil she paid, she's more than happy to make a quick exit.TMZ first reported, the fam -- especially mama Kris -- was adamantly against Kendall buying the house in the first place, because it wasn't in a gated community and it was perilously close to the Sunset Strip.
Lewis Hamilton continues to win on land and on sea ... setting sail in Barbados with a bunch of hot chicks in thongs.The F1 superstar -- sporting a hat that reads "F**king Awesome" -- boarded a yacht with roughly 20 people for a sexy party cruise.The 32-year-old has been living it up in the Caribbean -- the day before the boat party, he was spotted at the Crop Over festival with the likes of Rihanna and Jeremy Meeks.
Several "Big Brother" competitors are claiming their butts are being violated by a fellow houseguest for weeks -- who's been captured on video jamming her fingers into various dumpers without consent.The anal invader is Jessica Graf -- whose schtick is to approach unsuspecting houseguests from behind and surprise them with a deep oil check.Graf has been recorded pulling the move on Paul and Matt -- who were upset about it and confronted Jessica. Problem is, she laughed it off as a joke.Another female houseguest, Alex, claims Jessica pulled the same move on her -- poking her in the butt and the vagina.During a live feed from the house, Alex got emotional when describing the incidents to houseguest Josh -- and said it affected her because a family member had been raped and killed.Paul and Kevin have discussed Jessica's actions in the house -- and said if she was a man poking women, she would be in jail for sexual assault.We reached out to CBS for comment. So far, no word back.
Kylie Jenner's well on her way to turning her cosmetics line into a billion-dollar brand ... according to her mom/biz manager, Kris Jenner.Since officially launching her famous Kylie Cosmetics lip kit line in 2016, inquiring minds wanted to know how well the brand was doing. Well, hold your horses because Mama Bear told Women's Wear Daily the brand, in just 18 months, has done $420 million in retail sales.Kris -- in an interview ﻿with the website last week in her Hidden Hills crib -- provided the figure and reportedly provided the site with documentation. The site reports Kylie's line projects $386 million in sales in 2017 ... putting it on track to become a billion dollar company by 2022.We shall see ...
President Donald Trump's ex-campaign manager had a rude awakening after FBI agents conducted a predawn raid at his home.The raid happened back on July 26 but news just surfaced. FBI agents stormed Paul Manafort's Alexandria, Virginia crib to seize docs related to Robert Mueller's investigation into Russia interference of the 2016 U.S. presidential election.The raid reportedly went down the day after Manafort met with the Senate Intelligence Committee, which is also investigating Russia. Manafort, of course, was one of a handful of people -- including Donald Trump Jr. and son-in-law/adviser Jared Kushner -- who took part in a 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer offering dirt on Hillary Clinton.
Spencer Pratt went on the attack Tuesday night, putting a famous British comedian in what looks like a vicious head lock.Spencer was goofing, we assume, just outside the Ivy in the bougie part of L.A. where Keith Lemon was begging for mercy.It's a little weird ... 2 grown dudes rolling around in the grass, clearly for the cameras. Soon-to-be-father Spencer -- courtesy of Heidi -- sure looks like he's applying pressure. And, Spencer's death stares are definitely WWE worthy.
The Koch Brothers reportedly helped finance "Wonder Woman" and other films with Bill Gates ... and Donald Trump's Treasury Secretary.The way the story goes ... Steven Mnuchin roped Charles Koch, David Koch and Gates into a production company he helped start to finance movies like 'WW,' "Dunkirk," and Spielberg's upcoming "Ready Player One."The Koch Brothers struck a $450 million deal in 2013 to become stakeholders in Mnuchin's company RatPac-Dune Entertainment ... and Gates was brought in as an investor for a similar amount, according to The Hollywood Reporter.Although Mnuchin has divested from the company because of his gig in Trump's administration ... the Koch Brothers are reportedly still very much involved.Also worth noting ... reps for the Kochs denied investing in RatPac.Still, it's interesting. The Koch Brothers -- worth more than $96 billion -- are known as backers of conservative efforts.Wonder how Diana Prince would feel about this.
Donald Trump just warned North Korea ... he's not only renovating the White House air-conditioning system, he's doing the same to our nuclear arsenal.Trump's latest tweet -- "My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal. It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before" -- is the latest act of brinkmanship between the U.S. and North Korea.Trump doesn't say he's completed the act of renovating our arsenal -- that takes way longer than 7 months -- but he claims he began the process back in January. It's hard to know how long anything takes to develop or renovate in the nuclear world ... no one thought North Korea could do what it's now doing.Trump went on to say, "Hopefully we will never have to use this power, but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world."
Tinashe now has legal protection against the obsessed fan who traveled from Boston to L.A. thinking they're married ... especially alarming given his renewed interest in guns.Martin Murphy will have to stay 100 yards away from the singer, thanks to a new restraining order. He also can't own or even possess a gun.She first obtained a temporary restraining order after learning Murphy tried to reinstate his gun license in Massachusetts. He's now required to turn over any weapons to either a gun dealer or law enforcement agency.
Karrueche Tran isn't hating on ex Chris Brown for sending googly eyes to his other ex, Rihanna ... she actually says she can't blame him 'cause she'd do the same thing.We got Karrueche leaving Catch in WeHo -- perhaps a little drunk -- and asked what she made of Rihanna's sexy Crop Over outfit and Chris' comment that got fans all riled up.She's joyfully honest -- telling us she'd love to learn RiRi's secret to getting that type of a bod ... but then admitting it probably ain't gonna happen for her.Never say never, though, KT ... Kim K's only a couple inches taller and the reigning queen of thick.As for Chris' googly eyed comment for Rihanna, Karrueche sees the rationale ... even if he probably ain't the best one to express it.
Plies won't have a DUI on his record -- the charge was reduced to reckless driving after he copped a plea.The rapper was pulled over in January after Tampa cops caught him driving the wrong way down a one-way street. He refused to take a breath, urine or blood test, so his driver's license gets automatically yanked for a full year.Under the plea deal, he'll also pay a $500 fine. No penalty though for wearing the "Home Alone" shirt during his arrest.
Tiger Woods has struck a deal in his DUI case -- and has agreed to enter a DUI diversion program for 1st time offenders as a result of his May 29 arrest, officials say.The golfer's DUI case was scheduled to go before a judge in Palm Beach County early Wednesday morning where his lawyer was expected to enter a not guilty plea.Woods did not personally appear in court -- however, his attorney met with prosecutors and worked out a deal to enter the county's first time DUI offender diversion program, State Attorney's Office rep Mike Edmonson tells TMZ Sports.According to prosecutors, the program requires offenders to plead guilty to reckless driving -- and in exchange they get 12 months probation and are required to complete DUI education classes.The offenders are also prohibited from drinking alcohol or taking drugs during the probation period.This all stems from a May 29 incident -- when cops found Woods passed out behind the wheel of his banged up Mercedes-Benz around 2 AM.Woods was completely out of it -- but insisted he wasn't drunk, it was an unexpected reaction to mixed prescription medication.Tiger was charged with 3 misdemeanor counts -- DUI, reckless driving and improper stopping. If he completes the DUI diversion program, the reckless driving conviction will be wiped from his record.
Amber Rose wants Wiz Khalifa's mom to back the hell off ... so she's lawyering up to get a restraining order against her ex-mother-in-law.Sources close to Amber tell TMZ ... Amber's furious that Katie Wimbush-Polk's hatred for her has spilled into the courtroom. Katie has sued Amber for defamation, claiming Amber's allegation Katie's an unfit grandmother is a big fat lie.We're told Amber believes it's just a revenge lawsuit because Katie can't let go of the fact Amber left her son 3 years ago, and Katie has tried to make Amber's life a living hell ever since the split.Katie's also taken shots at Amber on social media, ripping her to shreds every chance she gets ... like in 2015 when Katie jumped into the Kardashian-Amber beef and defended the Klan.Amber wants a restraining order to keep her and Wiz's 4-year-old son, Sebastian, far away from Katie ... fearing that exposing Sebastian to Katie's hatred for Amber will hurt the kid.We've reached out to Katie, so far no word back.
Justin Theroux's war with his NYC neighbor is actually pretty one-sided -- Justin does all the damage and the downstairs neighbor's left to deal with it ... according to new legal docs filed by the guy.Norman Resnicow responded to Theroux's recent harassment lawsuit against him, claiming he and his wife have been terrorized by the actor's rude behavior at their Greenwich Village co-op for years ... including endless barking from his rescue dogs left isolated for long periods, dropping heavy weights on the floor at 3 AM and angry outbursts.Despite all this, according to the docs, Resnicow has actually had Theroux's back in the past -- including when he was the co-op president -- and the 2 have a history of "friendly relations and cooperation." That's why he calls Justin's allegations against him ... "as fictional as the television series in which he recently starred."For example, Norman claims Jennifer Aniston's hubby asked him to help quietly kick Justin's ex-gf out of his apartment.Resnicow says he's been nothing but helpful to Justin, yet J.T. won't return the favor by soundproofing his unit, and that's why Resnicow has pitched a fit from time to time.
Blac Chyna had the cops called on her after Rob's baby mama went ham over a roofer.It happened Tuesday morning at Chyna's L.A. home. She pitched a fit when a guy next door started pitching a roof at 9 AM. We're told Chyna confronted the homeowner, saying it was too damn early to start construction. She said the noise woke up little Dream, and that pissed her off.The neighbor claims Chyna went so ballistic she got scared and called the cops.We're told cops showed up and gave Chyna a free lesson about the law. In L.A., construction can fire up at 7 AM, so the roofer was well within his rights.Chyna calmed down, and cops beat it.
Jerry Jones tells TMZ Sports he does not believe Ezekiel Elliott will miss a single game for an alleged domestic violence investigation.The Dallas Cowboys owner was leaving Gucci in Bev Hills (got money, spend it right?) when our guy hit him up with a bunch of Cowboys questions.But the only question Jones felt compelled to answer was about his star running back.Of course, the NFL launched an investigation into Elliott after a woman who claimed to be dating Zeke told police he roughed her up on several occasions in July 2016. Zeke denied any wrongdoing.The NFL is expected to announce the findings of it's investigation soon -- Jones is clearly convinced he'll be off the hook.
Usher in no way, shape or form had sex with the woman who came forward and claimed he exposed her to the herpes virus, because he's just not into her type ... so he's telling his close circle.Quantasia Sharpton claims Usher picked her out of the audience at a concert, got her number, and went over to her hotel room where they had sex. She claims he didn't tell her he allegedly had genital herpes.Our sources say Usher told them he may have pulled her up onstage ... he doesn't remember, but he absolutely didn't hook up with her.As for why he may have picked Sharpton out of the crowd and brought her onstage, the sources say Usher "looks to bring a diverse group of people up onstage, not just supermodels."One source says he believes it's "an esteem booster" to choose various people Usher sees in the audience and single them out.

Journey fans can relax, keyboardist Jonathan Cain insists the band isn't calling it quits over their White House visit without founding member Neal Schon -- although Neal doesn't seem nearly as sure.We got Cain and his wife, Paula, at LAX Tuesday and asked about Neal going off on Twitter about the visit. Everyone attended but drummer Steve Smith and Neal, who thinks the band shouldn't be exploited by anyone especially for politics or religion.Cain, whose wife is a televangelist with strong ties to President Trump, says he hasn't talked to Neal since the rant, and the guitarist is still steaming almost a week later. He has made it clear the tension isn't about Trump, but certainly made it seem like it's about Jonathan mixing his wife's agenda with the band's.We've talked about this long ago with JC RV myself and Managment we left the meeting & all understood that it must be separate. https://t.co/WcMfcoEuYOSo, fresh off their Hall of Fame induction ... is Journey rock solid?Depends on who you choose to keep believin'.
Rachel Lindsay must know it's just a matter of time before the world loses interest in her season of "The Bachelorette" ... so she's milking the spotlight.Rachel and her new fiance, Bryan Abasolo, were swarmed by paps Tuesday as they arrived at the BUILD studio in NYC ... and they took their sweet time to suck face for the cameras.In her defense, Rachel's season finale was Monday night -- so it makes sense she'd be making the rounds, posing at all the stops along the way.Still, this display of affection is a bit too on the nose for us not to cringe. Congrats, though ... here's hoping they're couple #6 to actually tie the knot for 'Bachelor' Nation.
Quantasia Sharpton declaring "I need money" has nothing to do with her lawsuit against Usher -- she's just struggling financially like millions of Americans ... according to her lawyer.Celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom tells TMZ her client has been raked over the coals since her Monday morning news conference. In particular, Bloom defended Quantasia's social media post saying she's hard up for cash ... which came one week prior to the suit.Bloom says it's unfair to connect the two things -- "It's not a crime to be poor in America. It's not a crime to be honest about the fact you need money. Most people need money." She points out Quantasia didn't put a dollar amount on the lawsuit, and only wants what a jury deems fair.In addition, Bloom says Quantasia's been repeatedly fat shamed online since the news conference.
'Guardians of the Galaxy' is so powerful it might bring "Knight Rider" back to TV ... according to Kitt's partner, David Hasselhoff.The Hoff tells TMZ ... his 'GOTG2' cameo only happened because director James Gunn was a huge fan of his '80s crime fighting show with the talking car. It's also how David ended up starring in a new discotastic music video with the other 'Guardians' stars.Now David and James are working on a "Knight Rider" reboot ... with some changes, of course, to bring it up to date. There was already a remake in 2008, but Hoff told us why this one will be different.And enjoy the music vid ... solid gold, man!
Music legend Phil Spector hasn't moved much during his 8 years in prison for 2nd degree murder -- his hairline, on the other hand, has gotten the hell outta Dodge.Prison officials in Stockton, CA just released a new mug shot of 76-year-old Spector, and his once glorious and massive head of hair is completely gone. Not only is he bald, but the man responsible for rock music's famous "Wall of Sound" is now wearing double hearing aids.Spector -- who produced hits for The Beatles, Diana Ross, Tina Turner and many more -- was convicted in 2003 for the murder of Lana Clarkson in his mansion. He's serving 19 years to life, and will be eligible for parole when he's 88 years old.Let it be. Bald.
Ex-"Dance Moms" star Mackenzie Ziegler is firing back at a music producer who sued her, saying the guy's a fraud who never paid her for her tunes ... and she's laying the blame on Abby Lee Miller.Mackenzie and her mom, Melissa Gisoni, countersued Kismet Music and its head honcho, Andrew Logan, after Kismet sued the 13-year-old a couple months ago. Kismet claimed she allegedly broke her contract by working with another producer.In new docs, obtained by TMZ, Mackenzie's attorneys say the only reason she signed with Kismet was 'cause Abby told her it was a bonafide hit maker. The docs also claim the now-jailed Abby strong-armed Ziegler and her fam into it.Abby is not a defendant in Mackenzie's suit.As for Kismet saying she owes them dough ... Maddie Ziegler's little sis calls BS on all fronts. She claims Kismet and Logan have none of the accolades Abby hyped, and claims they've grossly underpaid her for the music she's already recorded.Mackenzie wants the rest of the money she says she's owed ... and her Kismet contract axed.
Glen Campbell -- legendary country music singer best known for his 1975 hit, "Rhinestone Cowboy" -- has died after a long battle with Alzheimer's ... TMZ has learned.Campbell died Tuesday around 10 AM in a Nashville facility for Alzheimer's patients ... according to a source close to his family.The musician released more than 70 albums over a 50-year career, and had a series of hits in the '60s and '70s including "Gentle on My Mind," "Wichita Lineman," "Galveston," "Country Boy" and his best-selling single, "Rhinestone Cowboy."Glen made history in 1967 by winning 4 Grammys in the country and pop categories, and took home CMA's Entertainer of the Year award in 1968.Campbell was also an actor and TV host who starred in the variety show, "The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour" on CBS from 1969-1972. The 2014 documentary "I'll Be Me" documented Glen's farewell tour and struggle with his Alzheimer's diagnosis.He's survived by his wife, Kim Campbell, and 8 children. Kim's scheduled to speak at The Alzheimer's Alliance of Smith County luncheon in Tyler, Texas in November about the challenges faced by people living with the disease and their families.Glen was 81.RIP
Malia Obama rocked out so hard at Lollapalooza she needed a lift at the end of the night -- as in a golf cart to take her out of the show.TMZ's obtained new video showing Malia looking kinda dazed Friday night as she was carted out of the music fest in Chicago. It's unclear how much time elapsed between this video and the other footage we got of her rocking out to The Killers that night -- but she's wearing the same clothes.As we reported ... Barack's oldest daughter headbanged and writhed on the ground with friends -- basically, doing what 19-year-olds at Lollapalooza typically do.
THE GLOBETROTTERS JUST HIT A TRICK SHOT WHILE FLYING!!!In what might be the greatest trick shot video ever, Harlem Globetrotters star Bull Bullard took off in a helicopter at Morey's Piers in NJ ... and sank a shot from 210 FEET in the clouds!!The Globetrotters claim the shot is a world record -- the highest shot from an aircraft ever!It's just another highlight in a string of incredible trick shots from the Globetrotters -- who've also done it from land, sea and a roller coaster.
4:00 PM PT -- Joycelyn's attorney says Tuesday's news conference is part of the Savages' "continued extreme, unnecessary actions, which constitute harassment and are defamatory.He adds the family's allegations are not based in fact and are simply an attempt to capitalize on their daughter for personal gain.R. Kelly's been no help putting one of the young women living with him in contact with her parents, so now they want an in-person meeting to make sure she's okay.Joycelyn Savage's parents held a press conference Tuesday morning near Atlanta with their lawyers to announce a plan to get in touch with their daughter. The Savages are requesting R. Kelly allow Joycelyn to come home to speak to them face-to-face on August 25 ... when he's in town for a concert.As we reported ... the Savage family's hired a legal team to "seek the safe return" of Joycelyn because they're concerned for her health and safety. Joycelyn, however, has asked her parents to leave her alone and claims her dad knows where she's at.The Savage family says her video's not enough to assure them she's fine, though, and because efforts to communicate with R. Kelly's team have been fruitless so far ... they're taking the next step.
Taylor Swift's not duking it out in court with the DJ who allegedly grabbed her butt for the money -- she's doing it to set an example for others to say NO to ass grabbing.Taylor's in court Tuesday with her lawyer, who just said in opening statements ... Tay's only seeking $1 in her countersuit against former DJ David Mueller on principle -- because she believes what he did is assault. Swift's lawyer also told the courtroom ... Taylor's absolutely certain Mueller grabbed her butt and is going to declare it on the stand.Mueller's attorney, however, says David "unequivocally denies" he touched Swift in an inappropriate way, and his career has been ruined by her butt grab allegations. He originally sued her, claiming she defamed him by saying he groped her rear end.The trial began Tuesday after jury selection concluded with 2 men and 6 women being chosen. Mueller was just called as the first witness before court broke for lunch.Story developing ...
Usher's insurance company put him on notice, with legal papers -- it will NOT pay for the $20 million herpes lawsuit against him if he loses because his policy doesn't cover STDs.New York Marine and General Insurance Company filed docs referencing the $20 mil case filed in Georgia by a Jane Doe ... who claims she contracted herpes from Usher after having sex with him at least twice this year. The insurer points out a clause in the singer's policy that excludes coverage for "bodily injury ... arising out of the transmission of any communicable diseases by [Usher]."In the docs, the company also references the lawsuit filed by celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom on behalf of a John Doe, another Jane Doe and Quantasia Sharpton ... saying it also doesn't want to pay in that case.The company's also got beef with Usher over the reported settlement he paid to a woman in 2012 for allegedly infecting her. NYM&G says he never disclosed that matter when he signed its policy in 2016, so that's another reason it won't cover him in the Herpes suits.
Tom Wopat is admitting he has a substance abuse problem on the heels of his arrest for indecent assault and cocaine possession.The former "Dukes of Hazzard" star's rep released a statement, saying he's "taking personal time to address his ongoing struggle with substance abuse. While death and illness in the family, combined with the intensity of his recent schedule, certainly contributed to his misstep, Tom definitely understands that sobriety is the sole course for a successful future."Wopat pled not guilty to the felony assault charge last week. TMZ broke the story ... he's accused of groping a woman's butt and putting his finger in between her butt cheeks. The alleged assault happened on the set of a stage production of "42nd Street" ... in which Tom was supposed to star.His rep said Tom hopes his "good name will be restored" once an investigation is completed.
Amber Rose launched into a profanity-laced phone call accusing Wiz Khalifa's mother of being an unfit grandmother ... so says Wiz's mom in a lawsuit.Katie Wimbush-Polk is reportedly suing Amber for defamation because she says Wiz's ex said she was responsible for her child's death. Khalifa's sibling, Dorien "Lala", died in February of complications from lymphoma.In the suit -- as reported by the Washington Observer-Reporter -- Amber made the phone call to Katie after Katie allegedly reported Amber to California Child Welfare Services. Katie denies making the call, and nothing came of it when child services visited Amber on June 19.
Here are this year's smokin' hot contestants for Brazil's Miss BumBum competition marching together for ... something ... we're sure ... but you don't care.What really matters is the 27 hopefuls kicked off the competition by showing off their (potentially) award-winning asses, all in unison. This year there's an amputee in the running, and based on these pics she's got a good shot at the prize.
The Plaza Hotel is a cesspool of sexual harassers ... according to current and former female staffers suing the historic hotel in a new lawsuit.Six women filed a lawsuit against the iconic NYC hotel claiming The Plaza forced them to endure a rape culture. In docs, obtained by TMZ, 3 current and 3 former employees say they've been subjected to a barrage of unwanted groping, kissing and repulsive sexual remarks ... all while Plaza management ignored their complaints and retaliated against them.In one instance, one of the plaintiffs says her manager followed her into the coat check closet, shut the door behind him, cornered her and started grabbing her by the waist and forcibly kissing her. She says the manager did this 3 times on the same day and when she continually refused his advances, she says he started crying and saying, "I don't understand why you don't want me."Another plaintiff says one male coworker tried looking under her skirt. And, among the vulgar comments the women say they've been subjected to:- "I can tell you had sex last night."- "I want to taste you."- "My d**k hurts, I had sex with 3 girls I met at the bar last night."In the suit, one of the women says a male coworker told her he'd "eat your p**sy," and began hugging her from behind. Another male coworker brought a large cucumber and white sauce to work and repeatedly told one of the plaintiffs she should dip the cucumber in the white sauce which "has lots of protein."Another plaintiff says she tried deflecting a male coworker's advances by reminding him he's married, but he responded, "Well, you can't eat the same food all the time, you have to switch it up sometimes."In the suit, a plaintiff says a male coworker showed her pictures of his penis and another male employee said, "If you know you're dressing like that with guys around, you can't expect a man not to react. I'm a human being what am I supposed to do?"
Chris Pratt and Anna Faris are going their separate ways not because of some third party in their marriage, not because one of them did something unforgivable ... they split because they each have very different views of what a family should be.Our sources say Anna wants a family that is pretty much together most of the time. She wants a base ... which for her has been Los Angeles. We're told she wants more kids. The upshot ... Anna wants a traditional family.Chris, on the other hand, has had some life-changing experiences that has required him to adjust the balance between family and career. When he married Anna back in 2009, she was much bigger than him. He's now at the top of the Hollywood food chain, and with that comes opportunities that take him all over the world, shooting movies that take him away from home for months at a time.Our sources say he doesn't want more kids ... at least not in the foreseeable future, because he can't juggle a growing family with his career. And he can't be corralled in one place -- even L.A. -- because that's not the way the movie industry works.That said, we're told they have an unbreakable bond in son Jack. They are devoted parents, both separately and together and they are determined to keep it that way.Our sources say there are other personal reasons for the split, but the way they see family in the long-term was a big factor in their decision.Finally, our sources say both Chris and Anna are incredibly sad over the end of their relationship. Although she says they've separated, we're told they have already set the wheels in motion for divorce, which we're told will be as amicable as it gets.
Lori Loughlin vehemently denies her daughter was filming herself behind the wheel moments before she got into a car crash ... which was posted on YouTube, but has since been taken down.The "Fuller House" star was at LAX when we asked about allegations her 17-year-old daughter, YouTube star Olivia Jade Giannulli, was vlogging while driving ... capturing the moment a truck rear-ended her, shoving her into another car.Olivia reportedly posted the video Sunday to her nearly 1 million subscribers. Daily Mail posted 6 screen grabs showing her behind the wheel, and reported Olivia vowed to never vlog or text while driving right after the accident.Mama Bear says the report is total BS, and insists her daughter never recorded while driving. It's impossible to compare her explanation though .. Olivia's video has been taken down from YouTube, for some reason.
The Game wants everyone to get off Usher's back nuts.The rapper was leaving Ace of Diamonds Monday night when we asked his take on Usher's mounting legal drama stemming from allegations he exposed several women to herpes.Game gets downright philosophical ... telling everyone to mind their own damn business.
Dave Chappelle and Donnell Rawlings are in the middle of a crazy, violent fight triggered by a guy who was determined to get pics of Dave.Thurston Greer﻿ shot the video, obtained by TMZ. We broke the story ... Greer was somewhere in the vicinity of a bathroom early Friday morning at the Soho Grand Hotel in NYC when he spotted Dave and tried taking a pic, but he was blocked. He says he went outside to do a Facebook post, talking smack on Dave and Donnell, when he ran into them and he says Donnell struck him.Dave and Donnell say the guy was trying to get pics in the bathroom, they told him no but he persisted and got aggressive. Donnell insists he never laid a finger on Greer and in the video you don't see Donnell ever make contact with the guy.But the video is insane, and the fight seems to last forever ... lots of n-words hurled back and forth.As we reported ... Donnell's wanted by police for questioning.Greer says he was injured in the altercation, citing a sore back, neck and head ... among other scrapes and bruises.
Chris Brown came for Rihanna again ... now her fans are going after him.RiRi's ridiculously hot photo Monday from the Crop Over Festival in Barbados was too much for even the guy convicted of beating her to resist. Brown left the googly eyes emoji as a comment on Rihanna's IG post, and the backlash started immediately.A few choice words for him:- ur ass better stay away from her don't even as much LOOK at her account SMH- go away demon- leave- Can we all give a collective "BOII WTF U THINKIN" to Chris Brown's comment on Rihanna's insta????The answer to the last one is definitely yes. While Brown's no longer on probation for beating his ex, we're guessing his lawyers would agree this is a bad look.
Corinne Olympios looked more than willing and fully conscious when she led DeMario Jackson into a pool as they started to hookup while shooting "Bachelor in Paradise."A scene that appears to be part of the controversial incident -- where Corinne essentially claimed sexual assault because she says she was not conscious -- was teased Monday night during the 'Bachelorette' finale. It shows Corinne leading DeMario into the pool in the daylight, with some of her fellow cast members close by ... and cameras rolling.It seems Corinne's speaking coherently and looks very with it ... much like we reported. It's unclear, though, how much time passed between this pool scene and the alleged sexual misconduct. Her legal team says the footage that alarmed a 'BiP' producer -- which eventually shut down production -- took place in a hot tub, not the pool.We've confirmed that's accurate, and Warner Bros. says that hot tub footage will not be aired.
Spike Lee is clearly fed up that Colin Kaepernick is unemployed -- and now he's going to bat for the QB.The legendary director of movies like "Do the Right Thing," "Jungle Fever" and "Malcolm X" is promoting an event called, "United We Stand. Rally for Colin Kaepernick."It's all going down on Wednesday, August 23 in front of NFL Headquarters in NY. Multiple organizations are on board -- including the Justice League NYC and the Empowerment Movement.
Eric Bigger is the exact opposite of heartbroken after getting rejected by Rachel Lindsay on the finale of "The Bachelorette" ... in fact, he almost seems a little too happy.We got Eric Monday night at Catch after Rachel's new fiancee, Bryan Abasolo, was revealed to 'Bachelor' Nation, and he says his heart is stronger after the show. He also talks race and defends Rachel's final choice.As for his rejuvenated heart ... Eric explained it on the show, saying Rachel helped him experience love for the first time, which made him grow up big-time.His epic beard has helped a lot too, apparently. The real question ... next 'Bachelor'?
Corinne Olympios was popping pills and mixing booze during "Bachelor in Paradise" filming before the infamous swimming pool hookup with DeMario Jackson ... TMZ has learned.Sources close to production tell TMZ ... Corinne made the admission during Saturday's taping of the 'BiP' reunion. We're told she didn't elaborate on what kind of Rx, but she's adamant -- ingesting the pills that day and mixing it with booze intensified her drunkenness, which she says led to her blacking out.TMZ broke the story ... production shut down following allegations of sexual misconduct in a pool. A producer felt Corinne was incapable of giving consent, but the video and interviews with various members of cast and crew led Warner Bros. honchos to conclude ... she knew what she was doing.It's interesting ... when 'BiP' filming resumed, new policies were implemented, such as checking bags for prescription drugs, legal or otherwise. Now it makes sense.
Robert Horry ﻿got in a fistfight at his kid's basketball tournament this weekend ... and TMZ Sports has the video.It all went down Saturday afternoon at the Nike 3ON3 tournament at L.A. Live ... where Horry's son was playing.Witnesses tell us a man affiliated with the opposing team was heckling Horry throughout the game when he approached R.H. and pushed him.Horry responded with his fists ... throwing several punches at the man. It's unclear if any of the punches landed.We spoke to Horry who insists he was simply defending himself."The guy was trash talking the whole game. He shoved me. Where I'm from, you protect yourself."R.H. -- a 7x NBA champion -- says he ultimately decided to walk away rather than continue to fight, knowing he was "the only one who was gonna lose in this situation."Horry claims this isn't the first time the guy has been verbally abusive ... saying he's trash talked his son's team in the past.A rep for the tournament had no comment on the incident.
Snoop Dogg was all set to perform in Bulgaria to raise cash for kids in war zones -- at least that's what the charity org thought before sniffing out what it believes was a $360,000 scam.Krasimir Dachev -- a rep for Bulgarian nonprofit Peace for You Peace for Me -- filed a lawsuit against Brandon Allen and his company, Rich America. In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Dachev says Rich America claimed it could deliver Snoop and Britney Spears for a 2016 benefit concert.According to the suit, the promoter demanded fees totaling $360k just to secure a date and start negotiations. Dachev says Allen sent a video he claimed was Snoop shouting out the concert. It's obviously NOT the D-O-double-G ... but Dachev says they bought it.Dachev says they feared fraud when Rich America tried to trade out Brit for Natalie LaRose, and Snoop backed out. They asked for a refund, but Dachev says Allen told 'em to kick rocks.To be clear ... the REAL Snoop had nothing to do with this.
Shaun Weiss -- who played Goldberg in 'The Mighty Ducks' -- got busted again 5 days after serving a jail sentence ... this time for meth.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... cops in Burbank got a 911 call last Wednesday for a suspicious person stumbling around yards in a neighborhood near the Warner Bros. studio lot.Cops responded and arrested Weiss around 2:30 PM, booking him for possession of a controlled substance. We're told he had meth on him ... unclear exactly how much, though. He's being held on a $20,000 bond.We broke the story ... Weiss was sentenced to 150 days in jail for petty theft just last month, but only served 12 days due to overcrowding. His manager told us at the time Weiss was hoping jail could help him, and that he'd be trying to write a script or jokes while behind bars.We've reached out to his manager again ... so far, no word back.


Rachel Lindsay likes her fiancee the way she likes her coffee -- Colombian, and there to wake her up in the mornings ... which is why she chose Bryan on "The Bachelorette﻿" finale.Rachel gave contestant Bryan Abasolo the final rose during Monday night's final episode of the season, cutting both Eric Bigger and Peter Kraus in the process -- the last black and white guys on the show, respectively.Eric took his elimination like a champ, all things considered. He even got let go before Peter, who's been having serious commitment issues all season ... but bowed out in grace.As for Peter ... he kept it painfully real. Basically, he didn't want to get engaged to someone he just got to know and fell in love with over 2 months. Bryan clearly did.
Lisa Vanderpump's husband assaulted a dog rescue's executive for not playing ball -- so claims the rescue operation in a new lawsuit, but Lisa says the allegation's all bark ... no bite.Spot Rescue is suing Ken Todd, Lisa and the Vanderpump Dog Foundation claiming Ken got pissed when Spot's executive director refused to provide pooches for a fundraiser gala Vanderpump sponsored.According to docs, Spot's executive refused because it's against company policy -- but Ken got pissed. He allegedly threw her against a wall and yelled, "Do you know who I am? I will ruin your life!"The director relented and sent dogs to the event, but when it came time to split the $64,000 raised, Ken shorted the operation ... according to Spot Rescue. In the suit, the org says Ken offered partial payment, but only if the exec released him from liability for the assault.
Elvis Presley once lived like royalty in Beverly Hills -- ya know, 'cause he was THE King -- and now you can too ... if you've got $20k to blow on an epic sleepover.Elvis' former Bev Hills estate is now for rent at $4,000 a night -- but there's a catch ... you gotta stay for at least 5 nights. If you're 'bout that hound dog life, you're in for a real treat.The 4-bed, 6-bath crib, which sits on a cliff, features floor-to-ceiling windows and glass walls in every room, plus a huge pool and spa. There's also a guest house out back, and it's still got the OG gates where Elvis used to greet fans in the '60s.
One of Usher's accusers, Quantasia Sharpton, proclaimed exactly one week before filing her STD lawsuit against the singer, she was hard up for cash.Quantasia, who also goes by Angel Valentino on social media, said last week, "I need some money." The Facebook post came exactly one week before her news conference with celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom, announcing the lawsuit against Usher.Also, early Monday morning ... she wrote, "Enjoying my last couple of hours as a regular girl." Seems Quantasia was well aware coming forward to make the herpes allegation against Usher would put her squarely in the spotlight.It's interesting since the other 2 people on the lawsuit filed anonymously, as Jane and John Doe.
Godzilla will never be the same ... Haruo Nakajima, the man who brought the Japanese monster to life, has died.Nakajima wore the Godzilla bodysuit -- which was originally made out of cement -- for nearly 20 years of movies, starting in 1954. Dude had range though -- he also played Mothra and King Kong in the 60s.He started his career in samurai and World War II films before scoring the fire-breathing role in "Godzilla, King of the Monsters." Best of all, the 1998 box office bomb wasn't on his watch.Nakajima was 88. Go, go Godzilla.#RIP
Montell Jordan sprang a huge surprise on an unwitting bride over the weekend, and traveled halfway around the world to do it.Sources close to Ryan Deluca -- who founded bodybuilding.com and runs a VR company, Black Box -- tell TMZ he and his bride-to-be, Nelya, learned a whole 1st dance routine to Montell's hit, "This Is How We Do It." But Ryan wanted to go the extra mile, and get Montell live.We're told one of Ryan's groomsmen was Creston Thornton, a Live Nation bigwig ... and he called music agent Jamie Adler ... who scored Montell for the Boise ceremony. As they say, it's all about who ya know.Still, getting Montell to Idaho wasn't easy. We're told he flew private from Rome to Vegas (where he also performed that day), and finally to Boise. Ryan covered travel costs and the $10k appearance fee.MJ performed 3 songs and, most importantly for Ryan ... Nelya loved the surprise.
Taylor Swift fans need to know ... the more they like her, the less likely it is that they'll sit in judgment of her.TMZ obtained the questionnaire prospective jurors must fill out in a lawsuit filed by former DJ David Mueller, who claims Taylor defamed him by claiming he played grab ass with her during a meet-and-greet. Mueller lost his job over it, but Taylor countersued claiming sexual assault.In the questionnaire, jurors must disclose their level of fanship. For example:-- Listened to Taylor on the radio.-- Watched a Taylor video.-- Read a blog about her.-- Bought a Swiftie album.-- "Intentionally listened to Taylor Swift through an online service."-- Gone to a Taylor Swift concert.Check out the questions and guess whether you'd be picked as a jury.
The "Rica Famosa Latina" star who got her forearm slashed open by her co-star confirmed our Spanish translation of an insult she hurled moments after the slicing ... and yes, "puta" does mean "whore."We spoke to Luzelba about the fight last Thursday between herself and Patricia, during which Patricia broke a glass on Luzelba's arm and cut it wide open ... leaving behind a flap of skin and tons of blood.30 stitches later ... Luzelba's doubling down on her insult right after when she said to Patricia "Estas sola por puta."Sure enough, it means what we said it means. De nada.
Charlamagne tha God is threatening to sue Rolling Stone if it doesn't apologize for accusing him of making transphobic comments.The 'Breakfast Club' host fired off a legal letter to the magazine saying its July 31 article on Rollingstone.com, headlined ... "Janet Mock on Charlamagne tha God's Transphobic Comments," is defamatory as hell since he didn't make such comments.Rolling Stone has since changed its headline to "Janet Mock Speaks Out Following Charlamagne tha God's Controversial Morning Show." But the DJ is still furious and he's demanding an apology, full retraction and money for damage to his reputation.You'll recall Charlamagne had comedian Lil Duval on his show, and outrage ensued after Duval said if he ever discovered he'd unknowingly slept with a transgender woman, she would be "dying."Charlamagne seemed to condemn the remark and reminded Duval it's a hate crime. But Charlamagne says RS took his words out of context to write a fictitious and negative story.We've reached out to Rolling Stone, so far no word back.
Rihanna blossomed into a feathered beauty for one of Barbados' biggest celebrations.RiRi's stealing the spotlight with this incredible gem of an outfit as she gets ready for the Grand Kadooment -- marking the end of the world-famous Crop Over Festival.No doubt Rihanna will stand out even in a sea of bright and shiny outfits lining the streets for the carnival and parade. And, in case you don't subscribe to "a picture's worth 1,000 words" ... here she is in all her glory with a lil shimmy.ur favorite could never slay cropover like @rihanna! pic.twitter.com/gZy8Vkf7b4
Usher allegedly had vaginal sex with at least one of the 2 women who are suing him for failing to disclose he has genital herpes, and he had oral sex with a male who is also suing him ... this according to a new lawsuit.According to the suit, obtained by TMZ, all 3 plaintiffs allegedly had sex with Usher, "because Raymond [Usher] was a revered celebrity in their eyes who they believed could be loved and trusted."The lawsuit claims Usher never told them about a herpes diagnosis. It's important to note, the lawsuit is based on news reports that Usher is carrying the STD and that he settled a herpes lawsuit for $1.1 million a few years back.The suit claims the 2 women and the man have all suffered severe emotional distress, depression and anxiety. It also says they have experienced embarrassment, shame, anxiety and revulsion.The suit does not give specifics on where the 3 people had sex with Usher nor does it say when. One of the plaintiffs, Quantasia Sharpton, held a news conference with her celeb lawyer, Lisa Bloom, saying Usher picked her out of a crowd during a concert and later had sex with her.Bloom says one of the plaintiffs -- not Sharpton -- has tested positive for herpes.The lawsuit doesn't specify the amount of damages, but asks for punitives as well as a judge's order requiring Usher to fully disclose his alleged herpes diagnosis.
Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes had a rare night out in public ... VERY public ... as in Disneyland!The usually private couple left their kids at home Sunday night, and tooled around the amusement park for a date night -- wearing only ball caps for cover, but going mostly unnoticed.The couple rode Big Thunder Mountain Railroad, hit up the Haunted Mansion and even subjected themselves to It's a Small World. They also got some merch at a souvenir shop -- gotta bring something home for Esmeralda and Amada.We're sure Ryan had the run of the park, being a former Mouseketeer. Also, he's Ryan Gosling.
Boosie Badazz insists he wasn't REALLY going to get a woman to give his son oral sex, but adds ... the 14-year-old kid doesn't need any help hooking up with chicks.Boosie sparked a little controversy with his birthday post for Tootie Raw, where he said he was giving him money and a "bad bitch" to perform fellatio on him. But the rapper tells us he "was just clowning" ... and there's no woman for hire.
Chance the Rapper﻿'s bodyguard allegedly unleashed some WWE moves on a guy right in front of the MC ... and the whole thing was caught on surveillance video.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... Chance's private security guard, 44-year-old Star Thomas, was arrested Thursday night at the W Hotel in Chicago after he allegedly body slammed a man in the lobby. We're told Chance had a front row seat as it all went down.The alleged victim was trying get into the same elevator as Chance and his crew around 9 PM, according to our sources ... and the bodyguard blocked him. We're told about 2 hours later they ran into the man again in the lobby, and that's when Thomas threw him down.Chance's bodyguard was booked for misdemeanor simple battery. We've reached out to his camp for comment ... so far, no word back.
Heidi Klum is proof ice cream does the body good.The supermodel showed off her physique Sunday in a black string bikini while on vacay in St. Barts. The 44-year-old smoke show was there with her boyfriend, Vito Schnabel, and her family.Vito had his usual front row seat for the Heidi show ... as she caught waves and got down and dirty in the sand. If you look closely, there was also a unicorn sighting on the beach.
A woman who is suing Usher for allegedly exposing her to genital herpes has come forward, saying Usher cherry-picked her out of a crowd at one of his concerts, got her number, went to her hotel and had sex with her without disclosing he allegedly had genital herpes.Quantasia Sharpton appeared with celeb lawyer Lisa Bloom Monday morning, saying she was celebrating her 19th birthday at an Usher concert, wearing a birthday crown, when she was contacted by Usher's security.Sharpton says she's negative for herpes but still feels violated.Bloom went on to say she doesn't know for sure if Usher has herpes but there are media reports saying just that and he has remained silent.Bloom is filing a lawsuit on behalf of 2 women and 1 man, all of whom claim they have had sexual contact with Usher since his alleged diagnosis. She says 1 of the remaining clients -- either the man or woman -- has tested positive for herpes.Attorney Bloom went on to say she's been contacted by others and may file additional lawsuits.Bloom says one of the things she wants is a court order forcing Usher to reveal to his future sex partners that he has an STD ... again, his health status has not been confirmed.
Looks like it's going down for Boosie's son's birthday -- as in oral sex -- but the kid's only 14.From the "God we hope this is just a VERY bad joke" department ... Boosie wished his son, Tootie Raw, a happy birthday and promised him a bag of money and "a bad bitch to give u some head."Here's the thing -- even if it is a joke, it's a joke about child molestation, right?In far less troubling news ... Boosie also promised Tootie's dropping a mixtape soon.
Jillian Michaels was so fed up with a yacht crew allegedly trying to extort her she took matters into her own hands.We broke the story ... Jillian plunked down $60k for a boat during a 12-day trip along Italy's Amalfi Coast. Problem is ... Jillian says the boat was filthy, and had no hot water or wi-fi.Then things got scary when the crew started demanding more money for fuel because Jillian said the yacht broker told her the crew's fuel money had been drained "because of Mafia in Capri."
Anna Faris and Chris Pratt are the latest couple heading down splitsville ... they just announced they're separating after 8 years of marriage.Anna and Chris made it public Sunday night, saying ... "We are sad to announce we are legally separating. We tried hard for a long time, and we're really disappointed."They go on to say they want to keep it private for their son's sake, adding they still love each other and cherish their time together.Chris and Anna got hitched in July 2009. They have 1 young son, Jack.
Serena Williams dusted off the poodle skirt and saddle shoes to travel back to the Fabulous '50s for her baby shower over the weekend ... but not without the help of her superstar friends!!Williams hosted the throwback-themed event at a 1950's restaurant in Florida ... with Kelly Rowland, sister Venus, Eva Longoria﻿, Ciara and La La Anthony all dressing the part.Williams is expecting her first child with Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian -- who also played along with the style ... looking something like Danny from "Grease" with his leather jacket.Serena announced she was 20 weeks pregnant back in April ... so the baby G.O.A.T. should be on the way shortly.
Justin Bieber can joke about it now ... driving over a photog is so a thing of the past.The Biebs was leaving The Peppermint Club in WeHo -- it took a while for his Mercedes G Wagon to come around to valet, and as the paps gathered ... the tension built.So you gotta see what happened once Justin's whip arrived, and he got behind the wheel -- the first time he's been in this situation since the accident 2 weeks ago. Let's just say, it looks like both Justin and the photogs have learned their lesson.Outta the way!
Chrissy Teigen's breaking out in green ... almost from head to toe.The supermodel, hubby John Legend and baby Luna are in Venice, Italy for a little family vacay. Chrissy showed off her best assets in her loose tropical-themed outfit that perfectly matched her hair wrap.Chrissy's diggin' her outfit and John's also clearly loving it ... he had to snap a pic.Chrissy's cleavage is no stranger to stealing the spotlight ... who can forget the couple's "Slow Dance" mishap that left everyone wanting more?
Kylie Jenner's man, Travis Scott, put a big smile on her face ... and that's even before they got home.KJ was grinning Sunday night on her way out of Staples Center, where she saw Travis open for Kendrick Lamar on the Damn. tour. That look on Kylie's face -- and the fact she even showed up at the concert -- definitely refutes the rumors she and Trav had broken up.She got goosebumps, and he got a handful after the show ... just a guess.
Liam Hemsworth might've come off as a married man to the average passerby this weekend from the looks of the hardware on his hand ... but he's not.Liam was hangin' with fiancee Miley Cyrus' mom, Tish, Sunday at the Cyrus estate in eastern Kentucky -- sans Miley -- where he was seen sporting what appeared to be a wedding band.We did some digging -- turns out Liam and Miley have not tied the knot. People connected to both whom we know and trust say they're "100%" not hitched ... not yet, at least.It's just another false alarm, which Miley's set off before herself.☀️☀️☀️ pool daaaaazeA post shared by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus) on Jul 24, 2016 at 3:52pm PDTThe couple's been engaged for well over a year and a half ... apparently they're keeping it that way for now.
Two of the "Rica Famosa Latina" stars got into a massive brawl ... ending with one of the cast members losing a chunk of her forearm.The violent incident went down Thursday night during filming at WeHo Bistro ... as Luzelba and Patricia discussed rumors Patricia slept with her sister's husband. The conversation's in Spanish, so trust us, entendemos todo.The chat actually seemed civil ... until Luzelba threw a glass of water at Patricia. Not to be outdone, Patricia breaks a glass on Luzelba's right forearm ... let's just say the video isn't for the faint of heart, and the injury required more than 30 stitches.For good measure ... Luzelba tells Patricia, "You're lonely because you're a whore."The show airs on Estrella TV in September ... and TMZ's Not Ricos, Not Famosos will be glued!
Former "Road Rules" star Danny Dias died of complications from chronic substance abuse, and the lacerations found on his forearm had nothing to do with his death ... TMZ has learned.The Chief Medical Examiner in NYC tells us Danny did not have any lethal injuries, and it's been determined he died of natural causes ... brought on by years of substance abuse. The M.E. adds there was no evidence of any acute level of drugs in his system.Translation: he didn't OD, but he'd been in bad shape for years.As we first reported ... cops said Danny had 2 lacerations on his forearm the day his body was found in his apartment. The M.E. says the cuts were fresh, but ultimately did NOT cause his death, as police first suspected.Danny was 34.
Treach wants to make it clear ... Bushwick Bill falling off stage was NOT his fault, technically speaking.The Naughty by Nature rapper tells TMZ ... there's a simple explanation for why he knocked Bushwick off stage during a Houston concert last week -- a faulty speaker.No ... really. Treach says hear him out and then look closely. The push was totally a mistake!Treach also shows us the gnarly gash he suffered on his shin as a result of the fall.And in case you're wondering ... Treach and Bushwick are totally over it. The evidence -- Treach has a hilarious nickname for Bushwick. Then there's this ... their playfight backstage.
Courtney Love's dodging making a decision on who gets Kurt Cobain's famous guitar -- their daughter, Frances Bean Cobain, or her estranged husband ... according to new legal docs.Isaiah Silva -- who's in an ongoing divorce with Frances -- claims Courtney's refused to come to the door twice when his investigators tried to serve her with deposition papers. According to the docs ... she's also ducking the L.A. Sheriff's Dept.'s attempts to do the same.Silva wants a depo from Love because he claims she has "personal knowledge of many of the facts" surrounding the 1959 Martin D-18E acoustic guitar Kurt played during Nirvana's "MTV Unplugged."As we reported ... the guitar's been a heated point of contention in the divorce. Frances says the "priceless family heirloom" belongs to her, but he says it's his because she gifted it to him.We reached out to Courtney ... her rep tells us she's already publicly stated the guitar is a family heirloom and doesn't belong to anyone other than family, which echoes what she told us in July 2016. The rep also says Courtney hasn't been home much ... she's been filming in Canada.
"I was 270 lbs with a 48-inch vertical, benching 500 pounds, running a 4.5, 4.6." -- LaVar BallYou read that correctly ...LaVar tells TMZ Sports his size, strength and agility was OFF-THE-CHARTS when he was a college athlete -- making him a better prospect than any tight end in NFL history.So, why didn't things work out for the Big Baller on the field?Ball says he has a perfectly good explanation -- and he's using the lessons from his failed efforts to go pro to make sure his kids succeed ... and so far, it's working.So ... either this is an Uncle Rico from Napoleon Dynamite moment, or LaVar would've really dominated the league.You decide.

Darren Daulton -- a former all-star catcher for the Philadelphia Phillies -- has died after a long battle with brain cancer.The Phillies released a statement Sunday night saying Daulton had passed away ... no other details immediately available. Daulton was diagnosed with glioblastoma in 2013 after having 2 tumors removed. He announced he was cancer free in 2015, but the disease returned.Daulton played professional baseball since 1980, and played almost his entire career with the Phillies before retiring in 1997. He was a key part of the Phillies winning the National League Championship in 1993 ... during which he had 24 home runs and 105 RBIs. He also went on to win a World Series with the Marlins in his final year.Daulton was inducted into the Phillies' Wall of Fame in 2010.
Lewis Hamilton has a new purpose at the beach ... rep Justin Bieber to a T (shirtless).The Formula One race car driver was out Sunday on a beach in Barbados, where he was rockin' Bieber's Purpose Tour shorts ... the same ones the Biebs was seen in himself last week.From the looks of these pics ... Lewis must've thought they were gym shorts, 'cause he's in full beach action mode ... catching footballs and hitting the water.One thing's for sure -- he's got Bieber's look down lock, stock and barrel ... from showing off his tatted torso to even sagging a bit and giving Supreme some free press. Bieber did the same with Calvin Klein ... but he's got an endorsement deal with 'em.So the question here is ... who did it better?
Kellyanne Conway is following President Trump's lead by squeezing in some fun in the sun while also knocking out her daily White House duties.Kellyanne was spotted lounging on a beach Sunday in Ventnor, New Jersey - where she owns a beach house - hours after she yakked it up on the Sunday morning talk shows.Kellyanne didn't squander precious beach time by going to a studio ... she did her live shots from her beach home, steps away from the sand..@KellyannePolls "Even #Democrats don't want to be Democrats anymore just look #WestVirginia Gov became a #Republican" pic.twitter.com/8WOLkIEOmcTrump is nearby after a mass exodus from the White House for major renovations involving heating and air conditioning.Chris Christie was nowhere in sight ... hey, when you have a beach to yourself, sunbathers all around you suck.
Neymar gave Paris Saint-Germain fans 265 million reasons to cheer in his 1st appearance as a member of the team this weekend ... even though he didn't play.The Brazilian super star was officially presented as a P.S.G. player Saturday in a match against Amiens SC -- but couldn't take the field 'cause his record $520 million-plus total deal hadn't been registered in time.Neymar didn't seem to mind though -- the dude's reportedly now the highest paid soccer baller ... ever. Plus, P.S.G. went on to win the game without him at 2-0.$265 million over 5 years ... not a bad bench fee for day 1.
Aaron Carter broke up with his girlfriend days before announcing he's bisexual -- and it seems the news might have pushed things over the edge ... TMZ has learned.A source close to Aaron tells us he and now ex-GF, Madison Parker, broke up sometime last week ... and that it was a long time coming.His rep tells TMZ the decision was mutual, and Aaron and Madison "love each other and respect one another dearly." The rep also adds ... Aaron's personal statement speaks for itself. He's hoping to refocus his attention on his music.As we reported ... Aaron announced Saturday night that he's found both men and women attractive since a young age. It's interesting -- we caught Aaron and Madison -- whom he referred to as his girlfriend -- driving around L.A. together early last week ... right after he apparently got out of surgery.
Katy Perry and Robert Pattinson got super cozy Saturday night ... which makes us wonder if the site pooh-poohing a possible hook up have it right.We got this pic of Katy and Rob in WeHo in the restaurant at the Sunset Tower Hotel. The joint is very romantic. It looks like they were dining with a few other people but when the pic was taken they clearly broke off from the crowd.There have been rumors the 2 started dating after Katy split from Orlando Bloom. As for Robert, there were rumblings he was engaged to FKA Twigs.As we say every weekend with the TMZ polls ... you be the judge.
Aaron Carter has just come out, saying he's bisexual.Aaron posted a late-night tweet Saturday in which he says when he was 13, "I started to find boys and girls attractive."He goes on, "There were years that went by that I thought about it, but it wasn't until I was 17-years-old, after a few relationships with girls, I had an experience with a male that I had an attraction to who I also worked and grew up with."He says, "This doesn't bring me shame, just a weight and burden I have held onto for a long time that I would like lifted off me."He ends by quoting Boy George, "I've never felt as though I didn't belong. I just acted as though I did."Carter has had a rough time in the last month ... he was arrested in July for alcohol and drugs. He and girlfriend Madison Parker were spotted on on the TMZ Celebrity Tour a few days ago when Aaron jumped on the bus and said he had just had an operation but said the details were secret.

'Teen Mom' Farrah Abraham and 'Celebrity Big Brother' alum Frenchy Morgan clearly had no idea cameras where trained on them as Frenchy grabbed a piece of Farrah's famous ass.The thirsty pair were hanging at a Vegas pool Saturday, soaking up attention for anyone in the market to watch.Farrah was there for the Backdoor Key launch party -- seriously.  It's a shindig a Crazy Horse III, a Sin City gentleman's club.
Chester Bennington's inner circle was not about to let someone profit off his funeral ... so they stepped up and helped stop the person trying to sell his memorial items.Sources close to Chester tell TMZ ... they found out someone posted a program, wristband, lanyard and pin from Chester's service on eBay Tuesday, and immediately contacted the site asking to have the items removed.Ebay did exactly that ... but not before the highest bid topped $50,000. An eBay spokesperson tells us the company doesn't allow sales of items that "attempt to profit from tragedy." We're told they contacted and educated the seller, and will take further action if it happens again.
Blac Chyna went from wheels down to wheelchair up at LAX Saturday, and it's unclear why she needed an assist.She can clearly walk, because she got out of the chair at some point and hoofed it to the car.  Our photog didn't ask why she was in the chair, but she probably wouldn't have answered.She was sure mum on a report Rob Kardashian threw shade on her newly-minted rapping career, but gotta say ... why throw shade on Kevin Federline ... "Popozao" is awesome.
Justin Bieber reaffirmed his faith Saturday in WeHo at a church event.The Biebs hit up the Zoe Church Conference at The Wiltern Theatre.  TMZ broke the story, Bieber cancelled the rest of his "Purpose" tour to work on his faith. He's been surrounded by pastors for months now ... notably Carl Lentz and Rich Wilkerson.Saturday would have been Bieber's Rose Bowl performance, but that along with other concert dates is a thing of the past.
Floyd Mayweather doesn't get in the ring with Conor McGregor until August 26, but the battle is on for Vegas nightclubs scrapping to book the biggest names for that weekend.The lineups are already INSANE -- 50 Cent, Diddy, Chris Brown, The Chainsmokers, Jamie Foxx, Rick Ross, Calvin Harris, Amber Rose and even Conor himself are headlining parties. Here's how it's shaking out as of now:FRIDAY:Drai's -- 50 Cent, Trey Songz and JeezyHakkasan -- Steve AokiOmnia -- Calvin HarrisJEWEL -- J. ColeHard Rock -- Amber Rose, YFN Lucci and Allen IversonSATURDAY (after the fight):Drai's -- Chris BrownXS Nightclub -- The ChainsmokersHakkasan -- Travis ScottMarquee - DJ MustardThe LIGHT -- Rick RossJEWEL -- Jamie FoxxRehab Beach Club -- DiddyEncore Beach Club at Surrender - Conor McGregorIt won't be cheap if you want in with the celebs -- especially in VIP. One example ... a table at Diddy's party ranged from $1,500 to 20k, depending on location.
Fetty Wap says he had to fire a woman for allegedly skimming a quarter mil off his bookings -- but she says it's really the exact opposite, and Fetty owes her for a ton of expenses.Sources close to Fetty's RGF Productions tell TMZ ... they fired Shawna Morgan Friday for falsely representing herself as his booking agent and manager. RGF claims Morgan charged additional fees to venues that booked Fetty. They believe she collected real booking fees on behalf of RGF, and then emailed on the side pretending to be Fetty's manager.They claim she would request added fees, or as they say in the biz ... "double dip." RGF also believes she took cash off the top by lying about fees, and pocketing the extra dough.Morgan denies the allegations, and tells us RGF owes her $250k in unpaid expenses. She says she repeatedly put her credit card down to cover tour expenses, such as hotels, but was never reimbursed. As for bookings ... she says she only took the industry standard 10% fee.Morgan says she has receipts to back up her version of events. She also denies being fired.
"Bachelor In Paradise" is hyping a one-on-one showdown between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson, but it will actually be more like Michael Phelps' race against a great white shark.Sources close to production tell us Corinne and DeMario did NOT come face-to-face when the reunion show taped Saturday. While promoting the show, host Chris Harrison has said he'll be talking with both of them together ... insinuating he'd be mediating/refereeing.While fans would eat that up ... it ain't gonna happen. We're told DeMario came out for a solo sit-down with Harrison, but left before Corinne did her one-on-one. We're told neither were briefed on plans to be onstage at the same time.Our DeMario sources tell us he's no longer interested in seeing Corinne face-to-face to hash out the aftermath from their pool sex encounter -- mostly because he doesn't think she would be genuine.
Model Caitlin O'Connor is an exquisite multitasker ... looking cool, hot, relaxed and focused all at the same time.Caitlin -- who you've also probably seen in Maxim and GQ -- grabbed her pooch, towel, sunscreen and iPhone and headed to Malibu to catch some rays and waves.Check out the pics ... Caitlin takes an obligatory selfie while lying on the beach. And for good (hotness) measure, Caitlin also gets a couple licks from an excited fella.
Playboi Carti will NOT face domestic battery charges stemming from an alleged assault on his GF.TMZ has learned the L.A. City Attorney will not file charges but instead hold an informal hearing with the rapper and his GF to discuss how best to avoid what went down back in July at LAX.We broke the story ... Cops said Playboi and his GF got into a heated argument before he admittedly grabbed her by her backpack and yanked her out of the terminal.The hearing could end with a stern warning, or an order for one or both to enter a counseling program on ways to manage conflict. What's clear is this -- he won't faces charges.We're told charges could still be filed if he screws up within the year of the incident.
Molly Shannon’s good looks are nothing to joke about!Here’s a 36-year-old version of the ‘SNL’ fan favorite at an event back in 2000 (left) and 17 years later ... the "Wet Hot American Summer: 10 Years Later" babe at a party in West Hollywood last month (right).Superstar!The question is ...
Jillian Michaels says Gilligan had a fancier ship than the yacht she chartered for what she thought was a luxury Italian cruise, and she blames it partly on the Mafia.Michaels tells TMZ ... she planned a 12-day trip with friends, family and her daughter along the Amalfi Coast. She says she plunked down more than $60k for the boat. Jillian claims it took a matter of seconds to see the yacht was filthy, and no one on the crew spoke English. And, she says, there were electrical issues, no hot water and no wi-fi.We're told the charter company tried a make-good by crediting her 6,700 euros, which seemed ok at the time but more problems lurked. On day 3 of the trip, Jillian tells us things got scary when the crew menacingly began demanding more money for fuel.Now the kicker ... Jillian says the yacht broker told her the crew's fuel money had been depleted "because of Mafia in Capri."Michaels says the yacht crew refused to dock until she anted up, but eventually agreed to take them to shore. Still, she says she was so concerned for her safety she tried contacting the state department and FBI.Jillian says her group left the yacht and are now ensconced in a hotel. We reached out to the charter company ... no word back so far.
Malia Obama was feeling the music so much she couldn't contain herself ... so she writhed around on the ground in rock 'n' roll euphoria.Barack's oldest daughter let her hair down in Chicago Friday night at Lollapalooza ... but especially while The Killers were playing. We're told she was with her friends backstage for most of the set, but came out to the general area to dance later.And dance she did ... and headbang ... and roll around in the grass.This isn't Malia's first time at the music fest -- she had great seats last year during Mac Miller's set -- and she always seems to have a good time in her former hometown.Maybe just a little more this year.
Usain Bolt's not going out with a bang ... the legendary sprinter just lost his final 100m race.Bolt ended his individual track career with the bronze in the men's 100m sprint at the World Athletic Championships in London ... losing to longtime rival Justin Gatlin and another American, Christian Coleman.The race had a photo finish, but in the end Bolt's 9.95 seconds was .03 seconds slower than Gatlin, who took home the gold. Coleman's time was 9.94.For Gatlin, it's been a long time coming -- he guaranteed he would beat Bolt back in the 2016 Olympics ... and we know how that turned out.As for Usain ... the "Fastest Man Alive" still holds the world record in the event at 9.58 seconds and won 3 straight Olympic golds in the 100m and 200m.
Beyonce and friends got in formation for some fun at the roller rink ... and it's clear she's not letting the twins keep her from having a good time.Bey and Jay-Z showed up at World On Wheels in L.A. Friday night with 8 other friends just a little before midnight ... and we're told she left her VIP area and went straight to the rink to skate with the common folk.A source at the place told us that only lasted for a bit -- because her crew was getting hounded -- so they shut the place down for a private skate sesh around 12:30. It's good to be the Queen.
Now we know Cristiano Ronaldo enjoys giving his smoking hot pregnant girlfriend some supporting love taps ... and she enjoys providing him with beautiful scenery.The football star and his expecting gf, Georgina Rodriguez, cozied up on a luxury yacht in Ibiza last week ... clearly enjoying each other's company.
Vladimir Putin wants to show the world what he's made of ... which is now a little wrinkly.The Russian Prez is vacationing in Siberia ... catching both rays and fish.He seems super chill ... clearly not bothered by any grand jury investigation into election meddling. Trump's also on vacation, but the prospects of getting a shot of him without his shirt are slim.Putin likes to show the goods ... notably riding a horse barebacked back in 2009.
Caitlyn Jenner did not wear a "Make America Great Again" hat Thursday as a show of support for Donald Trump ... it was a mistake tied to golf, a convertible, Starbucks and a purse.Caitlyn tells TMZ she drove from her Malibu home to Sherwood Country Club in Thousand Oaks, CA, in a 1960 Austin-Healey convertible. Before leaving home she realized she needed a hat ... something better than a golf visor to protect her hair. So she rummaged through the 10 hats in her closet and grabbed one without looking at the stitching.She says when she got to the club she threw the hat on the floor of the car, spent an hour or so hitting some balls and left. When she got to the car she grabbed the hat, saw the inscription and realized what she had done.She tells us she was horrified because she now detests Trump after he tweeted about the military transgender ban. Caitlyn says, "What he's doing to our community is absolutely f***ing awful."But Caitlyn had a dilemma on her hands ... wear the hat home or screw up her 'do. She chose the former, thinking no one was going to spot her. She wanted to stop at a Starbucks for a latte but exercised caution ... a mile from the coffee joint she switched to the golf visor and walked inside.When Caitlyn left, she switched again, deciding to wear the Trump hat home. She got halfway to her property when she realized she left her purse at Starbucks, which contained, among other things, her cellphone. Caitlyn panicked and raced back to retrieve her purse, forgetting she was wearing the hat.She ran inside, grabbed the purse and drove home. At some point she realized she still had the hat on but thought she could make it back undetected. She was wrong. Caitlyn says a photog snapped the pic somewhere between Starbucks and her Malibu home.As for what to do with the hat, she's thinking of signing it and auctioning it off and giving the proceeds to a transgender cause. On the other hand, she might just rip it up or burn it.
Demi Lovato put a smile on Apple CEO Tim Cook's face ... then headlined a corporate bash that made all the rest of his employees happy too.Demi stopped by Apple's Northern California headquarters in Cupertino Friday and rocked their Beer Bash to celebrate diversity and inclusion. We're told she performed for an hour between 4-6 PM ... the perfect slot for happy hour.Apple holds these type of events for its workers every couple months, but doesn't always land an act as big as Lovato.
Chris Brown's daughter, Royalty﻿, isn't old enough to go to preschool, but she's more than ready to start a company.Royalty, with an assist from mama Nia Guzman, is unveiling a unisex kids clothing line personalized by the kiddo herself. The collection features monster graphics, two-pieces and even cosmetics.A clear case of "like-father-like-daughter" in the clothing dept. -- Chris also has his own line of duds -- Black Pyramid.Royalty's goal is to push threads "for the fun and energetic kid with an outgoing personality." We're guessing her other goal is college tuition.So ... what were you doing when you were 3?
Eli Roth is standing strong in the wake of criticism over his new movie, "Death Wish" ... in fact, he views the controversy as something of a blessing.Eli was leaving M Cafe in Bev Hills Friday when our photog asked about the criticism -- that a rogue white man, played by Bruce Willis, seeks revenge for a brutal crime against his family and goes on a killing spree in Chicago.Some of the critics say this is an Alt Right film in which a white guy takes to the streets and kills black people, although in the trailer not all of the revenge is targeted against blacks.Eli says the criticism is BS and you need to see the full film to get context. He also says this is a classic issue of freedom of choice ... you don't have to see it.By the way, Roth's a smart dude ... he knows the controversy sells tickets.
Robert Pattinson now confesses he's no hero to PETA ... turns out he never had to put his foot down over an order to masturbate a dog.The actor said on Jimmy Kimmel's show Thursday the director of his new movie, "Good Time," asked him to perform the act but he refused and the director relented and allowed Pattinson to perform the act on a prosthetic dog penis.PETA was outraged, comparing the director's demand to child molestation and praised Pattinson as a hero.Now Robert says the whole thing was meant to be a joke.  The question ... since he's an actor did he try to make us believe him to score some attention for the flick?

R. Kelly says the rumors he's cancelled tours in the wake of his latest scandal are ridiculous, despite 4 venues saying they pulled the plug.Kelly posted the vid last night, scoffing at the cancellation stories﻿. We broke the story last week ... our sources told us the cancellations were due to poor ticket sales.The singer shot the video in a car on his way to a concert in Mount Pleasant, Michigan. He's performing another concert Saturday night in Detroit.
Donnell Rawlings allegedly popped a dude in the face ... and now cops are on the case.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... 20-year-old Thurston Greer claims at 2:30 AM Friday Rawlings socked him in the noggin with a closed fist outside a NYC hotel, resulting in pain, swelling and scratches on his arms.Greer tells us he ran into Dave Chappelle walking out of the hotel bathroom and asked for a pic ... but Dave declined. Greer claims he then went outside the hotel and began recording a Facebook Live video to tell friends what had just gone down. He says Donnell, Chappelle and a security guard walked out of the hotel, saw him and got angry, thinking he was persisting to get a photo.Greer says he scuffled with Rawlings and security after they tried taking his phone, and that's when he got punched.Chappelle's not listed in the police report, but cops want to talk to Donnell. Greer tells us he's already met with an attorney and is considering legal options.
Don't be distracted by the beauty of Chanel Iman and Jaime King in these denim-clad candids ... shop through the stylish shots and see if you can spot the differences in these almost identical fashion forward photos.
Zoe McLellan gave her ex-husband, J.P. Gillain, only 2 days' notice before she flew to Canada with their young son for a role alongside Kiefer Sutherland ... but she says she had no choice.McLellan is embroiled in a custody war again with Gillain. They have joint custody of 4-year-old Sebastian. McLellan says she was recently offered a gig on "Designated Survivor" and had to be in Toronto STAT to film ... but wouldn't go without Seb.In court docs, obtained by TMZ, McLellan says she's the primary parent, adding Gillain can't support the lifestyle she offers their son. That's why she claims he needs to be with mom while she films for a year ... but she says she'll help out with dad's travel costs so he can come visit.For his part, Gillain says his ex-wife basically held a gun to his head, demanding he consent to the move and agree to work out a new custody deal. He also argues she can't uproot their kid just because she gets a new role, arguing Seb needs stability and continuity.
It’s National Underwear Day and we’ve got you (fully) covered ... Peep through the stripped down selfies and see if you can guess the dude in his drawers.
Snoop Dogg﻿'s calling out Daniel Cormier ﻿for "crying like a bitch" after getting KO'd by Jon Jones -- mocking the former champ and telling him he had it coming."You see what (Jon) did to D.C. -- he had him crying like a bitch," Snoop told TMZ Sports, ﻿before bustin' out an impression of Cormier on the mic.Snoop says Cormier deserved the beatdown cause he was "talking all that sh*t" on Jones while he was suspended ... and it's bad form to kick a man when he's down.Remember -- the UFC banned Jones after a hit-and-run incident in 2015 ... and again last year after a positive drug test.This ain't the first time the rapper has come at D.C. for trash-talkin' his boy Bones ... who Snoop and his UFC broadcast partner, Urijah Faber﻿, both wanna see fight Brock Lesnar next.Snoop told us why he's picking Jones for that one too.

Michael Chow, the founder of Mr Chow restaurants, is looking at a table for one after 25 years of marriage ... according to docs filed by his wife.Eva Chun Chow filed for divorce from Michael Thursday, citing irreconcilable differences. She lists their date of marriage as January 15, 1992 and says the couple has no minor children. She does not list a separation date.According to the docs ... Eva may wish to request spousal support in the future, and wants the judge to let her keep jewelry she believes is hers.
Beyonce been drankin' ... and it doesn't look to be hurting the twins at all.Bey and Jay-Z recently did some wine tasting in Beverly Hills. We don't know the winery or the vintage they're sampling ... but we do know her wardrobe is perfect for the occasion! For any occasion, really.Rumi and Sir were born back on June 13, and while they might be breastfeeding -- all evidence points to it -- a few sips are generally okay. The Surgeon General recommends waiting at least 4 hours before serving up the milk though.Anyone else jonesin' for cookies?
The Usher scandal -- that he allegedly has herpes and had sexual contact with individuals without telling them -- is about to get bigger, because 2 women and a man are going to file a lawsuit claiming Usher exposed them to the STD.Celebrity attorney Lisa Bloom says she'll file the suit Monday in California and hold a news conference in NYC to correspond with the filing. One of the women will appear at the news conference. The 2 others will remain anonymous and will appear in the lawsuits only as Jane Doe and John Doe.Bloom says all 3 individuals claim to have had sexual contact with Usher after 2012, and he failed to warn them he allegedly had an STD.
R. Kelly has lawyers coming after him now, because the family of one of the young women living with him wants her back home ... and they've hired a legal team to help out.Joycelyn Savage's parents have hired attorneys Gerald A. Griggs and Leif Howard in their "effort to seek the safe return" of their daughter from the singer. The Savages say they're concerned for her health and safety and reiterate they haven't seen her for almost a year.According to Griggs ... the plan is to make contact with R. Kelly's reps and work with them to get Joycelyn back to her family, even though she is an adult.We broke the story ... Joycelyn's dad, Timothy, believes R. Kelly targets underage women and is abusive to them, and even compares his relationships with the women to slavery.
Martin Shkreli-- dubbed the most hated CEO in America -- was convicted in his long-drawn out federal fraud case.Shkreli was found guilty on 3 of 8 counts. He was charged with securities fraud, conspiracy to commit securities fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud Friday. The charges stem from his time as head of the drug company Retrophin, as well as hedge funds he managed. The 34-year-old was found not guilty of 5 other counts, including wire fraud.Shkreli was arrested in 2015 after being accused of losing millions of dollars of investors' funds, and then trying to pay them back with stock in a new drug startup.His defense attorneys reportedly argued many of the investors cashed in big-time when the new drug company went public. One of his attorneys even told the jury that just 'cause he wasn't well-liked doesn't make him a "Ponzi guy."Shkreli famously hiked up the price of the AIDS drug Daraprim by 5,000% in 2015 (which wasn't related to his case) ... causing the price of each pill to inflate to $750. That hasn't gone over well with people, and he's made A LOT of enemies since ... including Lil Wayne.Shkreli faces up to 20 years in prison for the 3 convictions.
The Kardashian family believes Caitlyn Jenner has betrayed the transgender community by sticking with Donald Trump after the President vowed to ban transgender soldiers from the military.Sources with first-hand knowledge tell us, Caitlyn's latest stunt -- parading around Malibu wearing a "Make America Great Again" cap is an affront to the community she claims to champion. The family believes Caitlyn promotes transgender rights in a very selective way -- when it helps her.They think she's become heartless by flaunting views that hurt the LGBT community and it reaffirms they want nothing to do with her.
Casey Affleck and his estranged wife, Summer Phoenix, will NOT have a nasty, drawn-out divorce -- despite a weird filing -- we've learned it's all settled already.Casey filed docs Monday responding to Summer's divorce petition ... filed that same day. Much of his reads just like hers -- irreconcilable differences, 2 kids and same date of separation. However, in his docs, Casey says he wants the court to block Summer from getting the spousal support she had requested in her docs.On paper, seems like a dogfight is brewing ... but sources connected to the ex-couple tell us they've already hammered out a settlement, just 4 days after she filed. We're told Casey is paying spousal support under the agreement.It's unclear why he checked the box to block spousal support only to cave a few days later -- but what's done is done.
Robert Pattinson is a hero to 4-legged friends for refusing to masturbate a dog for a movie scene ... so says PETA.The actor told Jimmy Kimmel Thursday night the director of his latest flick, "Good Time," wanted him to shoot a scene in which he pleasured a pooch, but Pattinson drew a line in the sand and refused.PETA is now praising Pattinson, saying the scene is both a form of mistreatment and "like child molestation."The animal rights org refers to a story TMZ broke, involving a distressed dog that appeared to have been forced to swim in raging waters in the movie "A Dog's Purpose," saying, "PETA depends on actors and crew members to come forward when they see mistreatment."PETA says it's now on the case, trying to determine if any laws have been broken.
Mohamed Hadid successfully executed an elaborate scheme to hide nearly $600k he owes from a lawsuit he lost ... so says the guy trying to collect the dough.Juan Carlos Gonzalez filed docs claiming Mohamed's weaseling his way out of paying a $576,267.34 judgment ... by making at least 10 fraudulent wire transfers to hide and avoid paying the dough.Juan used to work security and drive for Mohamed -- and according to docs, obtained by TMZ, he sued Mohamed for unpaid wages and won a judgment last year. He says when he tried to collect, the company bank account Mohamed was supposed to pay out of was empty.Juan now wants Mohamed to pay 10 percent interest on the judgment. BTW, Juan and Mohamed have previous beef -- Mohamed sued Juan back in 2015 claiming Juan stole a bunch of precious Gigi and Bella photos.
Anthony Scaramucci is making the most of his 10 days as White House Communications Director, because we've learned he wants to turn his moment in the sun into a TV series or feature film.We've learned a major Hollywood producer has been in touch with Scaramucci to produce a White House version of "Spin City." There are 2 working titles -- "10 Days in July" and "Attack of the Swamp Monsters." Our vote is #2.We're told the initial feeling is the concept could work as a sitcom series or a feature.The concept is an outsider assuming power in D.C. to the great dismay of longtime political hacks who go straight for the jugular.
Judge Mathis thinks Donald Trump is in big trouble because Special Counsel Robert Mueller smells a crime.We got the TV jurist leaving Williams Sonoma in Bev Hills Thursday and asked him about the significance of the grand jury that will hear testimony about contacts with Russian officials and presumably a lot more.
Justin Bieber ain't afraid to put his pastor pal in check ... especially when the guy jacks his move.The Biebs took a mini tour around WeHo Thursday night ... first hitting up the trendy boutique Maxfield before making his way over to Catch. Justin kept mum until one of the guys in his crew, Pastor Rich Wilkerson, busted out the "Smokey Eye" for the paparazzi. That's when he mockingly got in Rich's grill.If you didn't see "Zoolander 2" (lucky you) ... that was JB's response to "Blue Steel."All in all ... Justin was in a great mood for good reason. As we reported, Justin won't be facing charges for driving over a photog last week.
Vanity Fair straight-up jacked a famous Marilyn Monroe photo and splashed it on its pages to make a buck ... so says a collector suing the magazine.Aric Hendrix says he owns rights to the Marilyn pic taken during President John F. Kennedy's 45th birthday celebration at Madison Square Garden. Yes, that's the one where she sang "Happy Birthday" to the Prez.In docs, obtained by TMZ, Hendrix says he's a collector of historical photographs and owns the photo AND the negative of Marilyn. He says VF never asked for permission to use the photo inside a special Marilyn-themed edition published in July 2016.He's suing for damages in excess of $1 million. We've reached out to Vanity Fair, so far no word back.
Hilary Duff is staying above water when it comes to motherhood.Hilary's soakin' up the sun with her son, Luca, and friends over in Hawaii. She's taking it all in -- some fun on a paddle board, catching some rays and definitely some waves ... all in mommy mode.Motherhood suits her well ... especially in a striped bathing suit, despite it being understandably PG.
Usher and his wife, Grace Miguel, are rock solid on the heels of the $20 million lawsuit against him for allegedly giving a woman herpes ... TMZ has learned.Sources close to the couple tell TMZ ... Grace isn't concerned at all about the allegation Usher slept with a woman, who sued as Jane Doe, at least twice this year. We're told Grace, who's been Mrs. Ush for 2 years, isn't giving the lawsuit any weight.Our sources say the woman suing has a history with Usher. She was a close friend of his first wife, Tameka Foster, and attended their 2007 wedding. We're told Usher believes she has a thing against him, and has for a long time. That's why Grace is paying her no mind.As we first reported ... the woman wants $20 mil from Usher for allegedly giving her herpes.
7:58 AM PT -- Oakley's attorney Alex Spiro says his client "will be pursuing all civil remedies against Mr. Dolan based on this incident" ... in other words, a lawsuits comin'.Charles Oakley ain't gonna be attending a home Knicks game anytime soon 'cause he's barred from entering Madison Square Garden ... a judge in NYC ruled today.Oakley was in a Manhattan court Friday morning facing assault, harassment and trespassing charges stemming from his fight with MSG security back on February 8.As part of a deal with prosecutors, Oak agreed to stay away from the arena for a year ... and keep his nose clean for 6 months.If he does, the case will be dropped ... and the charges will be wiped from his record.As for Oak's feud with NYK owner James Dolan ... things are as icy as ever.
Caitlyn Jenner isn't letting the whole transgender ban thing get in the way of what appears to be her undying support for President Trump.Jenner was out and about Thursday, in a sporty car sporting a "Make America Great Again" hat.It's pretty stunning, because she went ham on the Prez after his transgender military ban tweets, saying, "I believe every American should be outraged by the disrespect shown to those people wearing our country's uniform."Jenner's been a die-hard Republican for a long time, and she's gotten a lot of heat from the transgender community for not passionately carrying the torch.
Joanna Krupa says her defamation lawsuit against Brandi Glanville was way more than hygienic vindication ... she hopes it will inspire others to stand up for themselves in the name of truth.Joanna arrived at LAX Thursday and was at first slow to talk about her confidential settlement, but then opened up about the meaning behind her legal attack.
Iggy Azalea still has ex French Montana wrapped around her little fingers.The "Mo Bounce" rapper stepped out Thursday in West Hollywood wearing the diamond bands French gifted her almost a year ago, when they were still a thing.Iggy hasn't had great luck with rings in the past ... she gave back her huge yellow engagement rock from Nick Young after they broke things off, but it looks like it's a different story with the $100k in ice from French.Iggy's been linked to other dudes since ... and no word on who this guy is, but it looks like she's still on good terms with French.
Ryan Reynolds and Josh Brolin are ABSolutely at war now over their sick "Deadpool 2" physiques ... thanks to the guy who got Ryan in rock hard condition.Trainer Don Saladino threw down the challenge, telling Josh ... "You still have some work to do." He attached that statement to the ridiculous photo of Ryan's blood-splattered abdominals. It's definitely a direct response to the the pic Josh posted of his chiseled features ... major abs included.Josh has been working out like a fiend for his role as the mutant, Cable, in the 'Deadpool' sequel -- and, to us, it seems ABsurd for anyone to say he needs more "work."Still, the gauntlet's been thrown down. So, we gotta ask?
Blac Chyna doesn't just want to be in music videos with Nicki Minaj, she wants to BE the new Nicki Minaj, and several record labels are jumping at the chance to make it happen.Several sources close to Blac Chyna tell us she's entering the music game and is already recording in the studio. As for what type of music ... rap, "poetry music" and traditional singing.The catalyst was the Yo Gotti music video shoot down in Miami a couple weeks back with Nicki, who Chyna sees as a mentor. The next step is to get signed.We're told Chyna's lined up several meetings with record labels in L.A., and already met bigwigs at Capital Records.The good news for Rob ... Chyna's not into diss tracks.😋
New Hampshire Senator Jeanne Shaheen is outraged at Donald Trump's jab at her state, and she's not afraid to show it.Our photog got the Senator at the Capitol Thursday, and she was none too pleased that President Trump told the Mexican President that N.H. is a "drug infested den."Shaheen clearly feels Trump is part of the problem, spending his time trashing people and places rather than solving real problems like health care for the poor.
Tommy Lee's custom motorbike -- adorned with decals of his name and the Jägermeister logo -- can be yours ... if you reply to a Craigslist ad and fork over the cash.Tommy's 2008 KTM SX 450 dirt bike is being sold by one of his old pals, Guerin Swing, who bought it from the rocker 2 years ago. Swing tells us he hasn't had time to ride, and it just sits in his design studio.The bike was a gift to Tommy when Jägermeister was sponsoring him. We're told he only rode it for less than an hour when he got it, then sold it in pristine shape. Don't worry, Tommy steered with his hands ... not the way he steers boats.


Joshua Allen -- the Season 4 winner of "So You Think You Can Dance" -- was sentenced to 1 year behind bars for attacking his girlfriend ... TMZ has learned.Allen pled no contest Thursday to felony domestic violence and felony assault with a deadly weapon. He was then taken directly to jail. Allen wept in court after he was sentenced.He also got 5 years probation and was ordered to complete 52 weeks of domestic violence classes. He can't go near the victim for a decade.TMZ broke the story ... Allen went after his gf back in June and chased her into a coffee shop. When a woman tried stepping in, Allen allegedly threw a glass vase at her and trashed the shop before bystanders took him down.
'Real Housewives of New York' star Luann D'Agostino timed her divorce just right to avoid it playing out on the show.Our 'RHONY' sources say production for this season wrapped a couple months ago ... so if there were any juicy spats in the days before Luann and Tom D'Agostino's divorce announcement, cameras missed the action.D'Agostino also dodged any mention of the big D during the reunion, which was taped a few weeks ago. Our sources say the couple's sometimes rocky relationship was discussed, but there wasn't a peep about a split.As we reported, Luann announced Thursday she and hubby Tom were calling it quits ... just 8 months after they tied the knot.
Sean Spicer will NOT be bringing his dancing talents -- or lack thereof -- to the "Dancing with the Stars" ballroom ... TMZ has learned.Sources close to Spicer tell us the former White House Press Secretary was flattered by the opportunity, but because he believes he'll have an "overwhelming number of commitments in the Fall," he declined the offer.As for whether Spicey had the skills to truly compete on 'DWTS' -- our source said, "He's not a good dancer."That hasn't stopped plenty of other celebrities, but we're told Sean just didn't think he had the time it would require. So, no D.C. two-stepping on 'DWTS' this season.Unless, the Mooch is interested!
It's a rematch more than 30 years in the making ... Rocky Balboa vs. Ivan Drago -- and it's GOING DOWN in "Creed 2," so says Sylvester Stallone.Sly teased that Drago's coming back to the big screen for the "Creed" sequel -- but no one's really sure what the storyline will be.Now, another clue ... with Stallone telling TMZ Sports things are definitely going to get violent between Rocky and Drago -- "You know I gotta hit Drago once."Of course, Drago -- played by Dolph Lundgren -- killed Apollo Creed in "Rocky IV." And the rumblings are that Adonis Creed will fight Drago's kid to get revenge.BONUS -- Stallone also weighed in on Floyd Mayweather's projected $300 MILLION payday for the McGregor fight.Sly's shocked ... that he's not making MORE!
Prodigy's official cause of death is listed as accidental choking ... TMZ has learned.The Clark County Medical Examiner has made the determination after completing its investigation into Prodigy's June 20 death. As TMZ first reported, he was in a Las Vegas hospital when he choked on an egg.Prodigy was in the hospital getting treatment for sickle cell anemia -- which he'd battled his entire life, and had flared up immediately following a performance in severe Las Vegas heat.The Mobb Deep MC was 42.
TLC is speaking out in support of transgender teen Jazz Jennings ﻿after she was verbally attacked by Duggar family member Derick Dillard﻿.Dillard unleashed a social media rant on the 16-year-old, saying ... "Transgender" is a myth. Gender is not fluid; it's ordained by God." He made the comments while her show, "I Am Jazz," was airing Wednesday night on TLC ... where the Duggars used to be top dog.A TLC rep tells TMZ ... Dillard's "personal statement" in no way reflects the network's views.TLC pulled the plug on "19 Kids & Counting" after Josh Duggar's child molestation scandal broke in 2015 -- so Dillard's comments do smack a little of sour grapes.Dillard still has TLC ties though -- his wife, Jill Duggar, is set to star on an upcoming show called "Counting On."Every day I experience cyber-bullying, but I keep sharing my story. Today was no different.
Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian are close to wrapping negotiations on a custody agreement for their daughter, Dream, and the big revelation from the talks so far -- Chyna's killing it financially.Sources close to the situation tell TMZ ... neither Rob nor BC has requested child support from the other ... yet. If that changes though, Rob would likely be the one asking for a couple of reasons.First, Rob has Dream more often than Chyna -- we're told that's always been the case. Second, she makes way more money than he does. We're told Rob banks very little on his own outside of the family reality show. Chyna, on the other hand, makes huge chunks of change on appearances and hosting gigs.So, even if custody ends up being a 50/50 split ... there's at least the possibility Rob could eventually go after her for support. But right now, that's not on the table, and we're told they're close to reaching a settlement.
'Real Housewives of New York' star Luann D'Agostino and her husband are calling it quits.Sources close to Luann tell TMZ ... Tom D’Agostino didn't get along with Luann's family and it seemed his inappropriate behavior in the past was too much for the family to get over once married.She made the shocking announcement Thursday on Twitter, saying, "It's with great sadness that Tom & I agreed to divorce. We care for each other very much, hope you respect our privacy during this sad time!"Luann -- who got married just 8 months ago -- had a tumultuous relationship with 2 of her 'Housewives' co-stars, Ramona Singer and Sonja Morgan. Luann constantly bickered with them because Ramona and Sonja would bring up the fact they used to date Tom. Awkward.Luann and Tom started dating in late 2015 and have no children.
Tom Wopat allegedly grabbed a woman's butt and put his finger between her butt cheeks, and that's why he was arrested for felony indecent assault.According to the police report, obtained by TMZ, Wopat was rehearsing his show, "42nd Street," at the Reagle Theatre in Waltham, MA on July 23 when a woman on the set claims he walked behind her and she felt his hand grab her butt. She also says she felt his fingers go between her butt cheeks.She complained to one of the honchos about the incident, and Wopat was confronted. According to the police report, he denied touching the woman and said, "F*** them all."There are 2 other incidents mentioned in the police report, both occurring during rehearsals. In one case a woman says he came up from behind her and wrapped his arm around her hip and lower waist, pulling her into him. In another instance a woman says he peeled sunburned skin off her arm.When Wopat was arrested Wednesday, he told cops at the station he did not inappropriately touch anyone, but recalled a time he was seated and one of the women walked by him and he "lightly touched her hip" and said to her, "I like the way you work."Wopat told cops he flirts and likes to be friendly, but never did anything untoward.As for the drug charge, cops say when they booked Wopat they found a plastic bag containing what they believe was cocaine in his front pocket, along with a blue straw. Cops say they searched Wopat's vehicle and found baggies inside, one of which contained what they believe is also cocaine.The police report also says one of the honchos in the show reprimanded Wopat for showing up to rehearsal under the influence.TMZ broke the story, Wopat was arraigned Thursday and pled not guilty for felony indecent assault and battery as well as a misdemeanor drug possession charge.
Linkin Park's Mike Shinoda is trying to get back to a normal life after his bandmate Chester Bennington's death nearly two weeks ago.Shinoda and his wife, Anna, held hands Wednesday as they left Beverly Glen Market in Los Angeles. Sad thought for Linkin Park fans ... Mike and the rest of the band would've been on the East Coast this week. Of course, they canceled the tour after Chester's suicide.Shinoda, along with bandmate Joe Hahn, eulogized Chester at Saturday's private funeral in Palos Verdes.
Suge Knight is pleading not guilty to one felony count of making death threats against "Straight Outta Compton" director F. Gary Gray.Suge was in court Thursday morning in Downtown L.A. with his lawyer, Mathew Fletcher﻿, to enter the plea. Additionally, Fletcher claimed Suge's phone has been blocked and he can't communicate with his attorneys. Mathew wants visitations to include calls to his attorney's office.Outside the courtroom, Fletcher read what he says are the only texts he's seen between Knight and Gray. One read, "You have family, I have family, God bless you." Fletcher says Suge and the director had been arguing about whether Suge deserved a fee because he was being portrayed in 'Compton.'TMZ broke the story ... the L.A. County Grand Jury indicted Suge for criminal threats he allegedly made to Gray in August 2014, during filming of the movie.
Anthony Scaramucci's expletive-laced rant to a reporter was recorded, and The New Yorker just released the audio.The reporter, Ryan Lizza, captured his phone convo with Scaramucci last week, and you can hear the then-White House Communications Director's now infamous reference ... "I'm not Steve Bannon, I'm not trying to suck my own c**k."The Mooch also accused Reince Priebus of repeatedly c**kblocking him from landing his White House gig. As bad as it sounds, Scaramucci comes off as relatively calm on the audio ... even as he's dropping c-bombs and other obscenities.Scaramucci resigned from his post Monday. As we told you, rumors he was dating FOX News' Kimberly Guilfoyle might've been the last straw.
Beyonce and Jay-Z aren't letting parenthood -- or L.A. traffic -- cramp their social lives.Bey and Jay hit up Sushi Park Wednesday night in WeHo to itch their sushi craving. Sushi Park's one of the trendiest joints in L.A., but Hova's face might suggest he wasn't all that in the mood. Then again ... they're living out in Malibu right now, so even a chauffeur-driven ride into town can be aggravating.Either way ... Jay's digging QT time with Bey, who continues slaying in anything she wears. Remember what she was rocking on their last night out?#WhatTwins
Tom Brady turns 40 today -- and the fans in Boston let him know it with a screaming rendition of "Happy Birthday."As Tom took the field at New England Patriots training camp Thursday morning, dozens of fans decked out in Pats gear -- some holding "Happy Birthday" signs -- belted out the song.Tom smiled and waved.The team also brought out a bunch of goats for the G.O.A.T. -- they're really blowing this thing out.His wife, Gisele, also posted a HBD message for him -- saying he makes 40 look like 20. She's right.Over 10 years ago I fell in love with you because of your beautiful and sensitive heart. I love the sweetness in your essence. Today you are starting a big new chapter and I wish you so much happiness and fulfillment in all aspects of your life. Happy birthday my love! Making 40 feel like 20!!! You go @tombrady !!!! Te amo ❤ Há mais de 10 anos me apaixonei por você, pelo seu coração lindo e sensível. Amo a doçura da sua essência. Hoje você está começando uma nova fase e eu lhe desejo muitas felicidades e realizações em todos os aspectos da sua vida. Feliz aniversário, meu amor! Fazendo 40 parecer 20!!! You go !!! Te amo ❤
The farm that inspired E.B. White's classic children's novel, "Charlotte's Web﻿," has hit the market, and looks to be a great deal.The 44-acre saltwater farm in Brooklin, Maine -- where White lived when he wrote 'Charlotte' -- has been listed at $3.7 million. Not bad for all that land.The property includes a farmhouse, a guest house and a barn -- the inspiration for Wilbur and Charlotte's hangout. White bought the estate in 1933, and lived there until he died in 1985.The listing agent, Martha Dischinger of Down East Properties, tells us the current owners are only selling because they're in their 80s. FYI ... we're told there's no livestock on the grounds.So, no Wilbur Juniors, but we're betting Charlotte's still got some fam there.
Bella Hadid was brought to her knees ... in the most unflattering way possible.Bella was leaving Cipriani Wednesday night in NYC ... doing what super models do -- strutting her goods down some stairs in knee-high boots as paps snapped and flashed away.All seemed fine ... until Bella slipped on the last step and ate it. Pretty clear she was embarrassed by the whole thing -- turning her back and covering her face. Even more embarrassing? Her boots say "FOR WALKING" on them.But don't shed any tears for her ... she got to party with her fave baddies -- Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin.
11:06 AM PT -- TMZ has learned an understudy will be performing in Wopat's place in tonight's play.Tom Wopat, who played Luke Duke on the "Dukes of Hazzard," has been arrested for indecent assault and battery in Massachusetts ... TMZ has learned.Wopat was in Waltham, Mass starring in a play -- a production of "42nd Street." We're told the alleged victim is a woman connected with the production, and the incident involved Wopat allegedly putting his hands down her pants.According to law enforcement ... police arrested 65-year-old Wopat Wednesday at 10:53 PM. Police were actively looking for him, and pulled him over in his Ford Bronco. We're told cops found a small baggie of cocaine on him, and he was booked for possession.The indecent assault and battery is a felony. The coke possession is a misdemeanor. Wopat's being arraigned Thursday.We've reached out to his rep ... so far, no word back. The play is supposed to open with a Thursday matinee, and according to the box office ... show will go on with Wopat.
Taylor Swift is sending a strong message to women to stick up for themselves by going after the Denver DJ who allegedly grabbed her ass, according to comedian and "The Talk" co-host Sheryl Underwood.Underwood, who opened up earlier this year about getting raped, told us she thinks Taylor's doing the right thing by going to trial because other women will follow suit against their attackers.As for the DJ ... Sheryl's got a message for him, ripped from the TV cop drama "Baretta."
The Minister for Magic in the 'Harry Potter' movies has died.British actor Robert Hardy -- who played Cornelius Fudge in the 'Potter' films -- passed away Thursday, according to his family. Hardy was perhaps most famous for his role as Fudge, but also had a long career spanning more than 70 years in theatre, TV and film.He's well known for a role in the series "All Creatures Great and Small," and had played Winston Churchill a number of times.Hardy starred as the no-nonsense Fudge in 4 of the 'Potter' movies.He was 91.
Just Brittany claims her ex-boyfriend, Z-Ro, turned into someone she'd never seen during his alleged assault on her, and says there's a good reason she didn't call 911 ... survival.The rapper teared up on the latest episode of "Raq Rants" ... as she shared her version of the alleged attack, blow by blow. Just Brittany waited 3 months to file a police report for the incident which has Z-Ro questioning her motives. Cops arrested him after she played a 21 minute audio recording from that night.She told us how she managed to capture so much audio, and explained why she couldn't possibly call 911 without risking her life.
Faye Resnick -- the best friend of the woman O.J. Simpson killed -- seems unhinged over his impending release from prison.We got Nicole Brown Simpson's best friend in WeHo Wednesday leaving Catch restaurant and she made it clear ... she has NOTHING to say about O.J.'s entrance back into society.Faye's got reason to fear Simpson. During his murder trial O.J. and his legal team tried to blame Nicole's death on her ... falsely suggesting a Colombian drug cartel may have slit Nicole's throat because Faye didn't pay a cocaine bill.Resnick has called Simpson "pathological" and we're told she still fears him.
Justin Bieber can breathe a sigh of relief -- we're told cops are not recommending any criminal charges against him for accidentally running his truck into a paparazzo.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... they've determined Bieber had no intent to strike the paparazzo when he left church last week. As we reported, Bieber's monster truck knocked the photographer to the ground. The photog went to the hospital for a leg injury.What's more, cops tell us the photog was in the wrong for standing in the street, but since that's a minor crime he won't be charged because it wasn't committed in the presence of police.As for a civil lawsuit ... well, that's almost a sure thing, but it seems Bieber has a leg up because he had the right of way, was blinded by camera flashes and the photog was where he shouldn't have been.
Wanna hear Jamie Foxx's spot-on-call-it-a-night-and-put-the-kids-to-bed impersonation of Vin Diesel and Jay-Z? We got you.Jamie was leaving Mr Chow Wednesday night in Bev Hills when we told him about Vin's plan to reboot "Miami Vice" for NBC. Jamie's face not only lit up with excitement ... he busted out Vin's famous line from "The Fast and the Furious."It gets better ... we ask Jamie if Phil Collins should do the new "Miami Vice" soundtrack. Jamie loves the idea and suggests Phil collaborate with Jay-Z.Check it out ... Jamie gives us an awesome sample.
Gene Simmons thinks Justin Bieber's a spoiled brat who needs to get a life -- and yet he also wishes him well.The KISS co-founder was out in Bev Hills Wednesday when a pap asked him if he had any advice for JB after canceling the Purpose tour. Gene ain't buying Bieber's reason for bailing, and has a theory about what's truly ailing the young pop star.
Diedrich Bader can't believe President Trump reportedly said the White House is a "dump," 'cause he's been there himself ... and says America's crib is in tip-top shape.We got the actor and comedian Wednesday in L.A. and asked what he made of the Prez reportedly taking shots at the historic house to members of his golf club in Bedminster, NJ. Seems Diedrich hadn't heard the news ... and he's genuinely shocked.He tells us he's visited before, and insists it's a structure any American would be proud to call their home. As far as Trump allegedly dumping on it ... Diedrich says it coulda been a bad Trump joke.I love the White House, one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen. But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUEHere's the thing ... we know for a fact Trump holds the White House in high regard, and has consistently referred to it as "luxurious." Still, Diedrich's not happy with the suggestion otherwise.
"Big Brother" star Cody Nickson didn't just serve his country as a Marine for 4 years, he was also twice deployed and received numerous medals ... according to his file obtained by TMZ.Cody's been on the outs with the rest of the cast except his gf, Jessica, but things got nasty this week when some of them -- including Paul Abrahamian -- tried antagonizing the Marine Corps vet by questioning his military experience ... and 'BB' fans were pissed.Rightfully so, it turns out, because according to Cody's official military file ... he served in the Marine Corps from December 2008 to December 2012, reaching the rank of E-4 Corporal with a specialty as a Rifleman. He previously served in the U.S. Air Force as well.Nickson received numerous honors ... including campaign medals for his tours in Afghanistan and Iraq, 2 National Defense Service Medals, a Good Conduct Medal, a Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and 2 Navy Unit Commendations.Though he's portrayed as a villain on the show ... you gotta respect him.
Gucci Mane and his fiancee, Keyshia Ka'oir, are well into shooting their first reality show ... and we've got some details on what fans can expect.Sources close to the BET show tell us ... the couple's been filming everything in their lives leading up to their $1 million dollar wedding in October, including the planning for the big day ... set to go down in Miami.We're told several celebrity cameos are expected -- Trina and Monica have already taped -- and Gucci's performance with Fifth Harmony at the VMAs later this month will be included too.We broke the story ... the rapper and his fiancee scored a fat contract for their BET show, which conveniently includes their wedding costs.Open bar, y'all!!!
Macklemore's Mercedes-Maybach came back to life in the rapper's new music video.We took a close look, and the 2016 AMG Maybach that sat in the tow yard has matching plates to the Maybach used in the rapper's video, which dropped Wednesday, 5 days after the car was totaled.The video was shot around several weeks before the crash.TMZ broke the story ... Macklemore came away unscathed after a head-on collision caused by a suspected drunk driver in Langley, Washington. The accident happened Friday but we're told the video was completed several weeks earlier.The photos of the aftermath show severe damage to the front bumper, hood and engine. But one of the photos we obtained and didn't publish showed the back of the $192k car and its plates.No word on whether the whip's considered salvageable or a total loss.


The Kidd Creole -- a rap pioneer from Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five -- has been arrested and charged for the stabbing death of a homeless man.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... the rapper used a small knife to stab the man 2 times in the chest and once in the head Tuesday night in Midtown. The man allegedly called Kidd Creole a gay slur.The homeless man -- identified as 55-year-old John Jolly -- died at Bellevue Hospital.Cops say the 57-year-old rapper was taken into custody Wednesday. They used surveillance footage to identify Creole, and believe his motive was an angry reaction to the gay slur.
Taylor Swift's battle with the Denver DJ she claims grabbed her ass during a photo op finally heads to the court next week -- but getting into the trial will be as tough as scoring Taylor concert tix.According to new legal docs, jury selection will begin Monday in Colorado for David Mueller's lawsuit against Swift, and her countersuit. Here's the crazy part -- only 32 seats will be held each day for the public, and they'll be granted on a first-come, first-serve basis.That means waiting in line -- a long one, no doubt -- if ya want a shot at seeing Taylor in court.According to docs, Swifties can start lining up at 6 AM and passes will be handed out at 7 to the first 32. An overflow room with TV monitors will be available for 75 more people.It's a small gamble -- chances are Taylor won't be in court everyday, but as they say ... ya gotta be in it to win it.
J. Cole's visit with San Quentin inmates included deep conversation and plenty of photo ops -- but it did NOT include a walk down the green mile ... TMZ has learned.Photos of Cole hanging with San Quentin prisoners surfaced this week -- showing him, and his Dreamville team, sitting and talking in the yard, cell blocks and a classroom.While San Quentin is California's only death row prison, sources close to the institution tell us Cole only took a general civilian tour. That means he only got to see Level 1 and 2 inmates. Everyone above that level, including death row, was off limits.We're told Cole spoke openly about some of his friends who've been incarcerated, and took an interest in San Quentin's media center ... where inmates host a podcast called "Ear Hustle."
Suge Knight made a death threat against famed "Straight Outta Compton" director F. Gary Gray ... so claims the L.A. County Grand Jury which indicted Suge on felony criminal threats ... TMZ has learned.We've learned Suge allegedly made the threat during the filming of the movie, but months before he killed a man involved in the production by driving over him in a Compton parking lot.TMZ has obtained a copy of the Grand Jury indictment, which reads in part, "On or about August 8, 2014, Suge ... threatened to commit a crime which would result in death and great bodily injury to Felix Gary Gray."Suge was extremely unhappy with his portrayal in the movie and we're told he sent the threat by text.Suge is scheduled to be arraigned on the charge Thursday.Here's the weird thing ... the indictment is dated February 7, 2017.  It's unclear why it took 6 months to arraign him.
"Deadpool 2" is coming in hot and loaded -- literally -- with the unveiling of Domino.Zazie Beetz -- best known for her role on FX's "Atlanta" -- will star as the savage mercenary Domino, who ultimately joins the good guys. Beetz was filming alongside her stunt double in Vancouver, and buzz about her debut started building after Ryan Reynolds tweeted a photo of Zazie in her costume.Her look was so on point, even Deadpool comic book artist, Rob Liefeld, roared with approval on Twitter.
Nick Cannon says his and Mariah Carey's daughter is a natural born star 'cause her musical talent runs deep in her veins ... but it's unclear who he thinks passed it on.We got Nick Wednesday in NYC, where we asked for his take on Monroe's stage performance next to her mom -- and his baby mama -- Mariah. He's not surprised she killed it ... like he says, it's in the genes.What he's not totally clear on is whose genes he's talking about. As you know ... Mimi's the singer in the fam. And, while Nick raps, he definitely doesn't have her pipes.
Secretary of Veterans Affairs David Shulkin says his department has compassion for the transgender vets whom the President is kicking out of the military.We got the Secretary Wednesday on Capitol Hill and he spoke with resolve ... if anyone -- transgender people included -- serves in the military, they will get medical and other care for life.
Romeo Santos not only ripped off a musician's song and released it as his own, but he didn't even bother to change the name ... according to a new lawsuit.Nazim Guity claims he wrote a tune in 2011, titled "Eres Mia," and worked with a music producer and recording studio to mix and record the track ... and copyrighted the song in March 2014.Santos allegedly collaborated with the same recording studio after they worked with Guity and he jacked the track -- so the lawsuit alleges -- and then Romeo recorded the song and even kept the name intact.Santos -- who's now CEO of Roc Nation Latin -- released his version of "Eres Mia" in 2014 and it was a smash hit.Guity's suing Santos, along with Sony and the recording studio.We reached out to Romeo's team ... so far no word back.
Justin Bieber seems to be reaffirming his dedication to Christ by showing off one of his more recent tattoos -- one that proves his eye is on the prize.Justin posted an extreme close-up of this tiny tatt of a cross next to his left eye. True Beliebers first spotted it a few months ago, but the fact he's highlighting it now is strong evidence the Biebs is fully committed.We broke the story, Justin canceled his Purpose tour last week to rededicate himself to his religion.We'd never proclaim to know what Jesus would do, but WWBD? It frequently involves tattoos.
Floyd Mayweather is expecting to make more than $300 MILLION from his fight with Conor McGregor ... which would break down to more than $8 MILLION per minute in the ring.The boxer spelled it all out for Showtime's "All Access: Mayweather v. McGregor" -- explaining why no other professional athlete in the world is more bankable."I mean, am I the highest-paid athlete out there? And just coming back? We not talking about no contract. We not talking about no contract for no 4 years, or no contract for no 5 years. I can do it in 36 minutes. $300 (million) or better. In 36 minutes."Not a bad deal.As for Conor, the UFC fighter is expecting to rake in around $100 mil for the August 26 superfight -- but it'll be largest payday an MMA fighter has ever made ... so he's not complaining either.
Ed Norton has nothing but a glass wall separating him from the Pacific after dropping $11.8 million on an exquisite architectural masterpiece in Malibu.The modern 5 bedroom, 5 bath home -- called Stevens House - was built back in the late '60s by architect John Lautner, who had an apprenticeship under Frank Lloyd Wright and whose other famed work includes the Goldstein House in Hollywood.Lautner drew inspiration from an ocean wave for its design. The home, built way before its time, sits in the gated Malibu Colony.The coolest part is the open-air pool ... plus the 37 feet of beach that come with the property.Ed got it for a steal too. The home was listed 4 years ago for $22 million ... almost twice what he paid for it.
Chester Bennington's death certificate confirms the details we knew ... that the 41-year-old singer committed suicide with a belt.According to the doc, obtained by TMZ, the Linkin Park singer died at 9:08 AM in his residence on July 20. The immediate cause of death is listed as hanging.Chester's referred to as a "rock star musician" on the certificate, and had been in the music biz since he was 14 years old.We broke the story ... Bennington died in his home nearly 2 weeks ago.
Justin Bieber's helping out a new business, and it has nothing to do with music.The Biebs is dropping a very limited line of white tees with designer/stylist xKarla at a pop-up shop in L.A ... according to sources connected to the deal. We're told Hanes is also involved and the model pushing the threads is none other than JB.The shirts will sell for $30 a pop and be available for people to buy in person in the L.A. area. The shirts can be purchased in 1 of 3 ways ... order on the Postmates app, show up at a pop-up store that will surface Sunday in the City of Angels or purchasing them online when they become available on xKarla.com tomorrow.No word yet if JB will also be hawking all that leftover Purpose tour merch.
Kendall Jenner might finally get some peace of mind -- a judge has ordered the obsessed man writing her creepy love letters to stop and stay the hell away.Kendall wasn't in court but her lawyer, Shawn Holley, was Wednesday morning in downtown L.A. and presented a declaration from Kendall's head of security. That document was enough for the judge to grant her a permanent restraining order against Thomas Hummel.He must stay at least 100 yards away and he's forbidden from trying to contact her in any way, shape or form for 3 years. Thomas also can't own any guns during that time.TMZ broke the story ...  back in July, Kendall said she needed protection from Thomas because he was flooding her mailbox with love letters that later turned hostile -- he went from professing his love for her to calling her "an internet whore."
Being 35 weeks pregnant ain't gonna stop Serena Williams from gettin' her sweat on ... 'cause the tennis superstar is still killiin' it in the gym during her 3rd trimester!!Williams -- who announced she was 20 weeks pregnant back in mid-April -- hasn't slowed down one bit with a bun in the oven ... playing preggo tennis and posing naked for the cover of Vanity Fair.Serena told TMZ Sports in May that she's not gonna retire once she gives birth -- and her mom says she's gunning to return to the court as soon as possible.G.O.A.T.
Anthony Scaramucci's is calling BS on White House sources who say he was fired over rumors he was dating Kimberly Guilfoyle.Here's what the sources told us -- one of them, in Scaramucci's world, pointed out he and Guilfoyle had been seen together in public a number of times over the last year. Some of the events were public and others were private dinners in and around the NYC area.The most recent, of course, was the private dinner with the President at the White House on July 26 ... the dinner which was leaked to the media, triggering Scaramucci's now infamous tirade.Now to Monday morning ... at 9:27 AM PT we reached out to the White House Press Office to get Scaramucci's side of the story. At the same time, we reached out to a well-placed source in the West Wing ... again seeking a comment from Scaramucci. We're told our inquiry circulated among various people in the West Wing.At 9:55 AM PT a source close to Scaramucci told us he and Kimberly were just friends. Likewise, a FOX News spokesperson told us they'd been friends for years, and met through her work at FOX. Sources told us, and now Scaramucci confirms, he went ballistic over the White House dinner leak because Kimberly was at the dinner and he knew about the dating rumors that were circulating.At 11:35 AM PT ... Scaramucci resigned from his post as White House Communications Director.Our sources say, going into Monday morning, Scaramucci was not out, but "on thin ice." We're told the President told Scaramucci in no uncertain terms to keep his head low and act professionally.As you know, Monday was General Kelly's first day as White House Chief of Staff, and our sources say the last thing he and the President wanted was another news cycle on Scaramucci on Kelly's first day.However, Scaramucci insists the rumors were not connected to his demise.
"The Bachelorette" did not allow the "Whaboom" guy to go out with a bang ... and he thinks everyone is worse off for it.Lucas "Whaboom" Yancey tells TMZ ... he put a lot of work into a performance for the 'Men Tell All' episode Monday night, and it was a "mistake" for ABC not to air it. He feels the reunion show for contestants who vied for Rachel Lindsay's love was way too heavy ... and could have used his song for levity.The good news -- or just the news -- is someone recorded Mr. Whaboom doing his thing in front of the live audience. So you can see for yourself what he thinks would have boosted ratings.
Macklemore is using Marshawn Lynch to fire shots at Tom Brady -- with ball deflating jokes and a jersey theft ... and it's all in his new music video.M & M know each other from Seattle -- and hooked up for Macklemore's new track with Lil Yachty called "Marmalade." The main theme seems to be messing with Brady and the Patriots.Of course, the Patriots beat the Seahawks in Super Bowl XLIX after that insane decision to throw the ball from the 2 yard line instead of giving it to Beast Mode.Clearly, both guys remember.Marshawn makes a funny cameo in the video -- masterminding a Tom Brady jersey theft ... obviously inspired by Mauricio Ortega, the guy who jacked Brady's real uniform after Super Bowl 51.Funny to us. Wonder if Tom's laughing?
Kim Kardashian's a soldier ... for the nipple revolution, and something tells us she won't have a problem getting people to fall in line.Kim was leaving a clothing shop Tuesday in NYC wearing a see-through black blouse ... putting everything on display in an outfit that could start ... or end a war. Apologies to her camo pants and shades, but there's nothing incognito about this ensemble.
Tyler Perry is a dead ringer for Drake ... at least when he's mugging for pics with foreigners without a clue.Tyler was happy to oblige Tuesday in L.A. when 2 ladies -- one of whom was French -- asked for a photo. Check out the video ... they kinda sorta knew he was famous, but not really.The movie director and comedian plays along to a T -- even trying to pass himself off as Champagne Papi.
Aaron Carter was more than happy to greet fans on the TMZ Tour bus, apparently right after he went under the knife for something that is super secret.Our tour guide spotted Aaron Tuesday in L.A., when he pulled over and hopped on the bus to say what's up to the passengers. It gets awkward right out of the gate ... with Aaron talking surgery and anesthesia.He's mum on the medical issue -- but happy to interact with everyone.
Kobe Bryant went from "skins" to "shirts" in Italy on Wednesday -- keeping covered up on a boat in Portofino after being body shamed the day before.The ex-NBA superstar was mocking himself about the topless pics that surfaced on Tuesday -- jokingly calling himself "Mamba Thick" and vowing to get shredded again in 30 days ... not that he really needs to.Still, he didn't look too concerned during Wednesday's family boat trip -- smiling with Vanessa and his 3 daughters ... and snapping photos from a real deal camera (instead of an iPhone).Say "cheese" ... even if it's not on the diet anymore.
Anthony Scaramucci's absurdly brief gig in the White House is going to pay off big-time, and help make the rich man even richer ... IF he chooses to cash in on making speeches.Multiple sources plugged into the public speaking circuit tell us the Mooch is such a hot ticket right now, he could haul in $75,000 per event. We're told his market value as a hedge fund magnate and entrepreneur already made his speaking engagements worth roughly $25-50k -- but those 10 days in the West Wing make him a bigger draw, which means way more dough.Our sources say the high drama around his administration stint adds extra appeal ... especially if he wanted to play the "sacrificial lamb." However, it's doubtful Scaramucci would turn on Trump in speeches just to make a buck. He's got plenty of money, and most D.C. insiders agree loyalty to the Prez wasn't his issue.Bottom line -- Mooch is in position to clean up, and -- as they say -- come out smelling like a rose.
Larry King is transfixed by O.J. Simpson -- and for the life of him Larry can't figure out why Les Moonves isn't.The legendary interviewer was leaving Craig's Tuesday night when our photog informed him Moonves -- the CBS honcho -- told us he has ZERO interest in landing O.J.'s first post-prison interview. You'll recall O.J. was granted parole and will be released as early as October 1.Larry was in disbelief Les ain't thirsty for the Juice. And it's clear Larry's more than ready to squeeze answers out of O.J.
Coldplay made it clear with a moving tribute during their concert ... Chester Bennington's death is still weighing heavily on the minds of his comrades in the music biz.Chris Martin and co. kicked off their North American tour Tuesday night in NJ, and near the show's end ... Chris said he wanted to dedicate Linkin Park's hit, "Crawling," to anyone who was missing someone.Chris was seated at a piano for the stripped-down acoustic version.
There's no doubt Macklemore is lucky to be alive when you see what's left of his Maybach after a head-on collision with an alleged drunk driver.TMZ obtained these pics of the wreckage -- Mack's 2016 Mercedes-Maybach is sitting in a tow yard now with tremendous damage to the front bumper, hood and engine. His driver and passenger side airbags both deployed.We broke the story ... Macklemore was smashed by a pickup truck Friday night in Langley, Washington but walked away unscathed. His 2 passengers also escaped serious injury. Pretty good ad for Benz.
Lauren Bushnell﻿'s been keeping a new flame on the DL since splitting from 'Bachelor' Ben Higgins -- which is baffling, because they look great together!Lauren was in Maui this past weekend, where she caught a sunset pic with her new boyfriend, Devin Antin -- a 28-year-old real estate investor from L.A. We're told they were on a weeklong vacation.Sources close to the couple tell us they met 2 years ago, before she won Ben's 'Bachelor' season ... but were strictly friends, no bennies.After Lauren broke up with Ben in May, we're told they reconnected and romance sparked. We know what you're thinking -- but our sources say there was zero overlap with Ben.While Devin and Lauren have been spotted doing friendly stuff -- an NBA game in June, a baseball game in July -- these seem to be the first romantic PDA shots.Maybe it's just us, but that lighting looks kinda familiar. Just sayin' ...
Bizzy Bone's ex-fiancee is pulling the restraining order docs she filed against him, but he tells TMZ ... there will NOT be any happy reunion.Bizzy's ex-fiancee, Ranna Royce, says she phoned into a NYC courtroom Monday to withdraw her bid for the restraining order she'd filed in June. She claimed he'd abused her and was harassing her ... all of which he denied.


O.T. Genasis is heaping so much praise on Cory Booker, you'd think the Senator was the coco ... and the show of love is all about the new push to federally legalize weed.We filled in O.T. on the bill Booker introduced Tuesday -- the Marijuana Justice Act -- and he couldn't believe what he'd heard. He says the Senator might not realize it, but he could change the rap game forever if his bill goes through.Not sure that was Booker's intent -- he seems more focused on safety, reducing violent crime and stuff -- but he should consider the rap thing a silver lining ... according to O.T., anyway.We think Sen. Booker's getting a very special Christmas card this year.
Jennifer Garner's not just good at getting along with her ex -- she's still totally cool with his mom too.Jen was out for a walk Tuesday with Ben Affleck's mother, Chris, in Brentwood ... and they looked like 2 old friends yukkin' it up.As we've reported, Jen and Ben have been doing the co-parenting thing like pros, while also having fun with their own friends. But clearly, for Jen anyway, family is family.Besides ... always a good idea to keep Grandma happy.
Kanye West's touring company is suing Lloyd's of London to get its money back for the shortened Saint Pablo tour, and says the insurer is trying to peddle a marijuana-based excuse for NOT paying.According to docs, Very Good Touring filed a claim with Lloyd's back in November. You'll recall Kanye pulled the plug on his remaining tour dates after spending 8 days at UCLA Medical Center in late November.In the docs, Kanye's co. says it had a policy with Lloyd's to cover cancellation or non-appearance fees. However, Lloyd's has yet to fork over a dime and, according to the suit ... suggests it might not ever, because it suspects Kanye's marijuana use caused his breakdown.Very Good Touring says Lloyd's has no proof to back up its weed theory, and is merely looking for "any ostensible excuse no matter how fanciful" to deny payment on the policy.VGT is suing Lloyd's for $9.8 million, plus interest.
Jeff Brotman's showing God his membership card now -- Costco's co-founder and chairman died Tuesday.The Seattle-based company announced his passing, but did not say anything about cause of death. Brotman started Costco Wholesale in 1983 with Jim Sinegal. He first served as chairman of the board, but since 1994 he's been chairman of the company.The company operates 736 warehouses worldwide -- more than 500 in the U.S. alone -- and is worth about $70 billion.Pour a little out in memory of Jeff tonight. Then wipe it up with that 40 pack of paper towels ya bought from Costco back in January.#RIP
Kim Kardashian and LuMee -- makers of her fave illuminated phone case -- say they have proof they didn't steal another company's tech, and it includes a government stamp of approval.LuMee is firing back at the $100 million lawsuit filed by Snaplight ... saying if anything, it's the one getting ripped off. In fact, LuMee points out it sued Snaplight first, back in November 2016.In those docs, obtained by TMZ, LuMee includes its own patent, which was issued in 2016, and acknowledges Snaplight also has a patent -- issued in 2013. Still, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office approved LuMee ... meaning there are likely meaningful differences between the products.TMZ broke the story ... Kim's company got sued by Snaplight, which says LuMee -- armed with Kim's promotions -- is killing it in sales.Snaplight tells us it's ready to go to war.
2:45 PM PT -- It appears part of the settlement includes Brandi making a public mea culpa. She just released this statement to TMZ ... "I want to apologize to Joanna Krupa for the statements I have made about her. I regret ever making such statements about Joanna Krupa; I also certainly never intended my statements to be taken so seriously and out of proportion."She added, "I apologize as I never wanted my statements to affect Joanna Krupa's reputation and I wish her nothing but continued success in life."The big stink is over -- Joanna Krupa and Brandi Glanville struck a settlement in the infamous smelly vagina lawsuit ... TMZ has learned.We just got a hold of new docs filed Tuesday confirming both sides have reached a "full and final settlement." Joanna's now officially withdrawing her defamation suit against Brandi.Sounds like there was a financial settlement, but the terms are confidential.As we reported ... the beef started in 2013 when Brandi -- while appearing on "Watch What Happens Live" -- claimed she'd heard from a friend that Joanna's lady parts smelled.Brandi said it a second time ... prompting the defamation suit. Joanna's estranged husband even testified recently ... her vajayjay's "better than any other woman in the world."
The "Cash Me Outside" girl will NOT be going to jail after pleading guilty to multiple charges last month ... 'cause the kid struck a plea deal and got probation instead.Danielle Bregoli, who's 14, was sentenced to 5 years probation Tuesday in Delray Beach, FL after pleading guilty to 4 charges back in June -- including 2 counts of grand theft, possession of marijuana, and filing a false police report.Other charges were reportedly dropped as part of her deal.Danielle's legal trouble predates her appearance on "Dr. Phil" last September -- which she got famous from after dropping her signature catchphrase.Unclear if she'll be facing charges for a separate incident ... where her pal allegedly chucked ice cream at a lady and set off a series of brawls in downtown Lake Worth, FL.A judge ruled that Danielle would be allowed to complete her probation in California, where she's now living with her mom.
Cast members from MTV's new reality show, "Siesta Key," say they're getting death threats over a controversial video of a shark being dragged by fishermen ... and they've called cops for protection.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... police in the FL town where "Siesta Key" is shot were contacted by some of the cast members about online threats, some deadly in nature. The threats all center around the viral video of the heinous shark incident -- the show's star, Alex Kompothecras, bragged he knows the guys responsible.Alex is reportedly one of the cast members who got death threats. Thing is ... we're told police did not consider the online threats substantial enough to warrant arrests.However, a premiere party Monday night for the "Siesta Key" debut was canceled for safety concerns. There's now an online push to boycott the show.
Anthony Scaramucci is not done with D.C. yet -- the morning after he bolted from the White House, he was cruising out of the Trump Hotel ... and talking about his future.This is the first time the Mooch has talked publicly since Monday's bombshell announcement, and you can tell it still kinda stings. He was asked about saying goodbye to President Trump -- after just 10 days on the job -- and he was kinda tight-lipped.He did open up about his new personal goal, and then added a message for new Chief of Staff Gen. Kelly -- the guy some believe called for Mooch's resignation.High or low -- which road do ya think Scaramucci took?
"Saved by the Bell" star Dustin Diamond will stoop to disgusting levels to make a quick buck, but at least it was for the sake of comedy ... we think.Screech headlined a comedy game show at The Rialto Theatre in Akron, Ohio Saturday night and took it upon himself to participate in one of the challenges to win a cash prize ... and he went all out for $25.The challenge was to take a shot -- but it was 50/50 odds whether it would be bourbon or someone's chewing tobacco spit. It didn't seem to matter to him, though ... as long as it resulted in the audience buying some of his merch.The strangest part -- Dustin had already earned his 25 bucks BEFORE he took the shot of spit, so he just did that for show ... and extra t-shirt sales.
Sad news for famed golf commentator David Feherty ... who revealed his son, Shey, passed away from a drug overdose on his 29th birthday."My first born son is gone from me, dying from an overdose on his 29th birthday," Feherty posted on social media ... "Bless his sweet heart, I will fight on."Shey died on July 29th. Funeral services are set for Tuesday.The former PGA golfer has also battled substance abuse himself and previously said alcoholism and mental illness run in his family.In lieu of flowers, the family is asking mourners to donate to the Center for Addiction and Recovery Studies.
J.K. Rowling choked down some crow by apologizing for her rant about a viral video of President Trump seemingly ignoring a handshake from a disabled boy at the White House.J.K. blasted the Prez for the video, saying ... "This monster of narcissism values only himself and his pale reflections." She added it was "horrible" he couldn't bring himself to shake the little boy's hand.After the 'Harry Potter' author ranted, the boy's mother said the video was misleading -- and she wanted to make it clear Trump had not snubbed her son, and the boy wasn't even trying to shake the President's hand.J.K. tweeted an apology to the mother and her son, saying she didn't intend to cause them any distress.Re: my tweets about the small boy in a wheelchair whose proferred hand the president appeared to ignore in press footage, multiple /1
Piers Morgan thinks Donald Trump finally picked the right guy to sort out the White House's mess of chewing up and spitting out staffers.Piers was leaving Madeo Monday night when we asked him about his take on Anthony Scaramucci, who lasted a whopping 10 days on the job as the White House's Director of Communications.Enter Gen. John Kelly, who Piers thinks as Trump's new Chief of Staff will bring much needed order to an administration that's become a spectacle of epic proportions.
Mariah Carey is passing her microphone, and tiara, down to her daughter, Monroe ... who made her singing debut at the legendary Hollywood Bowl.Monroe took center stage at the venue Monday night during Mom and Lionel Richie's concert. When Mariah launched into "Always Be My Baby" ... the diva-in-training got on the mic. Sorta.It took some encouragement from Mariah, but she busted out a few notes. Monroe's twin bro, Moroccan, was there too, but he's saving his pipes for a solo performance. They grow up so fast.And just so you can feel old too -- the song is 22 freakin' years old!
Justin Bieber's blood father is back on the scene ... just days after some huge events in his son's life, and word he had been leaning on Pastor Carl Lentz for fatherly guidance.Bieber's pops, Jeremy, flew to L.A. from Ontario, Canada over the weekend with Justin's younger brother, Jaxon, in tow. Jeremy was seen driving around town in a convertible ... tailing Justin who was in his own vehicle.Sources connected to Bieber say Jeremy's visit is absolutely a direct response to Justin's tumultuous week -- from pulling the plug on the Purpose tour, to accidentally hitting a pap with his truck.And there's this -- as we first reported, Lentz has stepped up over the last several months as a father figure ... spending time with Justin on the road, and back home in Los Angeles. He's the one Justin turned to when he wanted to discuss ending the tour.Our sources say Justin's had little, if any, relationship with Jeremy all year. It appears the last time they were together was around Christmastime. We're told Jeremy's here now because he just wanted to reconnect and hang with his kid.So far, so good. Justin's been pretty chill during the visit.
"Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta" star Karen King went full denial in a video rant claiming she never missed a car payment, and reassuring her haters ... she is NOT on crack.Karen went off following her Monday arrest in Atlanta for allegedly skipping car payments on her Maserati. TMZ broke the story ... Karen was in court for a separate case but was taken away by deputies when the clerk announced the outstanding warrant for the car issues.Karen says it's BS, has some words for TMZ and most importantly ... breaks down her mug shot style.
Jason Derulo is going to be doing a lot more rhyming with "drinkin'" and "thinkin'" because he's got a big country music project in the works.Derulo's already got several country music collabs in the can. He won a CMT Music Award this year for his crossover duet, "Want to Want Me," with Luke Bryan, and is working with Hank Williams Jr. and Florida Georgia Line on the new "Monday Night Football" opening theme.Those are some big projects but, when we got Derulo at LAX Monday, he teased something even bigger.
Macklemore is lucky to be alive after his Mercedes was hit head-on by an alleged drunk driver in a pickup truck ... TMZ has learned.The accident happened Friday night just before 11 PM in Langley, Washington ... a remote island town 90 minutes north of Seattle. According to police, the pickup driver was rounding a bend when he crossed into oncoming traffic and hit Macklemore's car.Police say the pickup truck driver wasn't wearing a seat belt and smashed his head into the windshield, leaving him unconscious and bleeding. According to the report, the guy told officers on scene he had a drink "awhile back."  When asked how much, cops say he replied ..."5 o'clock."Macklemore had 2 passengers in his Benz. One person was treated for a minor cut to the head, but all 3 walked away from the accident. The pickup driver was taken to a hospital for treatment, and Washington State Police tell us he will be charged with DUI.We reached out to Macklemore's camp, but so far no word back.
Wale doesn't mind people calling him out for literally showering his baby girl with cash on her birthday ... because he's used to the cultural ignorance.We got the D.C. rapper -- who's Nigerian-American -- at LAX and asked what he made of haters criticizing the video of his daughter sitting in a pile of bills at her first bday party. Some people likened it to "making it rain" at a strip club.Instead of getting pissed off though ... Wale's using this as a teachable moment. He explained the Nigerian custom of "spraying," and encouraged his haters to broaden their horizons.
Think L.A. Dodgers superstar Yasiel Puig could pick World Series hero Luis Gonzalez out of a crowd?You're about to find out ... courtesy of the TMZ Celebrity Tour!!!Puig flagged down the bus (super comfy seats, btw) while eating at Villa Blanca in Bev Hills on Friday -- and got onboard to take pics and shake hands with the guests ... one of whom happened to be Gonzo!Everyone had a blast and Puig was super cool -- but do ya think he knew he just shook hands with a 5-time MLB All Star (and former Dodger)???


Rachel Lindsay finally called out "Bachelorette" contestant Lee Garrett for racist and misogynistic tweets he put out before his time on the show ... and he owned up to it.Rachel confronted Lee on Monday night's "Men Tell All" episode before next week's finale, and she got to address what a lot of the country has already taken notice of in recent weeks ... that Lee has had some pretty controversial thoughts on Twitter.One specific tweet that had everyone fired up was posted by Lee last summer which read ... "What's the difference between the NAACP and the KKK? One has a sense of shame to cover their racist ass faces."Luckily, the meeting ended peacefully -- with Rachel saying she hoped this experience would better Lee as a person.As for him ... he apologized to Rachel and the rest of the guys, and got some love in return.
Justin Bieber ﻿knows just how to rub it in ... sporting some Purpose Tour merchandise just a week after he announced the cancellation of his 14 remaining shows.Justin was out Monday in Beverly Hills wearing some not-so-subtle yellow shorts ... aka the same shorts fans who had tickets could've also got their hands on.It's unclear where the Biebs was off to next ... but one thing is for sure, he may want to throw a shirt on if he's headed to church.
R. Kelly's "After Party" tour is going to be a little shorter -- a bunch of dates have been canceled.Four of Kelly's 10 upcoming tour dates were canceled Monday. Just last week he'd vowed he would continue touring, despite being accused of running a sex cult with young women.Two shows in Louisiana got axed, one in Dallas and another in Los Angeles.Our sources say the 4 stops were nixed due to poor ticket sales, which shouldn't come as a surprise. As we reported ... his Friday night gig in Virginia was barely half full, and fans were pissed he only played for 45 minutes.Still, sources close to Kelly tell TMZ the tour will absolutely go on, explaining the L.A. show was only canceled because of a scheduling conflict with another nearby stop. The sources would not comment about the other 3 terminated shows.As of Monday, there are still a few dates left of the "After Party" tour that have tickets for sale.
Casey Affleck's wife of 9 years, Summer Phoenix, is filing for divorce, and according to her the split's been a longtime coming.Summer filed the divorce petition Monday in Los Angeles ... citing irreconcilable differences. The couple has 2 sons -- 13-year-old Indiana and 9-year-old Atticus. In the docs, she requests joint physical and legal custody of the boys.In the docs, she lists their date of separation as November 2015 -- although they didn't announce the split until March 2016. Point is... things had long since been on the rocks when Casey won the Oscar for Best Actor earlier this year.Summer is asking for spousal support and attorney fees.
Cynthia Bailey and NeNe Leakes are not down with fake news, and they think that's what Kim Zolciak's pushing when it comes to her beef with Kenya Moore.We got the 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' duo at LAX ... and our photog peppered them about what really happened to make Kim charge at Kenya while shooting last week.You'll recall Kim went nuclear ... thinking Kenya brought up Kim's "injured son" during some intense trash talking. So, was Kim justified? Well, there's Cynthia and NeNe's version of events. And then there's Kim's.Anyone smell another Kim rant coming?
Bobby V says he's the victim of extortion after a video surfaced of him allegedly skipping out on a prostitute.Bobby's rep tells TMZ ... the R&B singer vehemently denies the person he hooked up with over the weekend was a prostitute, and says he's now being extorted after the person filming him realized who he was.The rep went on to say, "Misrepresentation and deception were maliciously used to target Valentino; during the encounter, Valentino was victimized and threatened by acts of extortion which continued after his departure was captured on video."Bobby's rep also said he's reported the extortion attempt to law enforcement.
4:23 PM PT -- A rep for the Kardashians tells TMZ, "The patent lawsuit filed by Snap Light has no merit and is just another attempted shakedown. Kim has done absolutely nothing wrong."A rep for LuMee tells us the lawsuit has no merit and Kim did nothing wrong. The rep added, "LuMee is an innovator of illuminated cell phone cases and was the first to market. Between its patents, copyrights and trademarks, LuMee has developed substantial intellectual property rights surrounding its product line. LuMee is currently asserting patent infringement against Snaplight.”Kim Kardashian's use and promotion of an illuminated smartphone case is totally ripping off the guy who invented it, and he says he has receipts to prove it ... according to a $100 million lawsuit.Kim's company ... Kimsaprincess, Inc. got slapped with the suit Monday -- a guy named Hooshmand Harooni says he got a patent back in 2013 for an "integrated lighting accessory and case for a mobile phone device." If that sounds familiar, that's because it's a perfect description of the LuMee.No doubt you've seen Kim flaunt the LuMee on her social media. She says it helps her take perfectly lit selfies -- obviously, a major asset in her world. She even used it for her famous selfies with Hillary Clinton.On the Ellen Show today Hilary Clinton talks about how she never looked better in our perfectly lit selfie! #LUMEE pic.twitter.com/6svy37T46uProblem is ... Harooni licensed his invention to a company called Snaplight, which is now getting buried in sales. Snaplight and Harooni say LuMee jacked their patented technology, and made it an unfair fight by teaming up with a supreme trendsetter like Kim.In the docs, Snaplight says Kim is getting a cut of LuMee's sizable profits -- and now it wants a chunk of that cheddar too. The company says $100 million will cover its lost profits.
12:08 PM PT -- The Press Secretary has just released a statement, saying, "Anthony Scaramucci will be leaving his role as White House Communications Director. Mr. Scaramucci felt it was best to give Chief of Staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build his own team. We wish him all the best."That's a wrap for Anthony Scaramucci -- he's officially out as White House Communications Director after only 10 days on the job.There are conflicting reports as to whether Donald Trump fired him or if Mooch tendered his own resignation -- but the bottom line is he's done.The move comes just days after his profanity-laced interview with a New Yorker reporter in which he trashed Reince Priebus as a "paranoid schizophrenic" and had some explicit insults for Steve Bannon.The 53-year-old is also going through a divorce.Scaramucci's time as Communications Director is believed to be the shortest run in White House history.It's shorter than Kim Kardashian's marriage to Kris Humphries (72 days).It's shorter than the run of "Doubt" on CBS (2 weeks).It's shorter than Conan O'Brien's tenure on 'The Tonight Show' (7 months).It's shorter than El Chapo's time on the run after escaping prison (7 months).It's shorter than the time the Chilean miners spent trapped (69 days).It's LONGER than Carmen Electra's marriage to Dennis Rodman (9 days).
Lil Duval is doubling down on saying a transgender woman would be "dying" if he found out she'd deceived him -- but he also insists he has no problem with gay or transgender people.The comedian was on "TMZ Live" Monday to address the protests against him and "The Breakfast Club" after he made the controversial and violent remark last week. Duval says his only issue with the LGBT community is the idea of someone lying about their sexuality to get into bed with him.
3:13 PM PT -- Law enforcement sources tell TMZ Karen was released on a $500 bond. Also ... we're told the repo man never got a hold of that Maserati."Love and Hip Hop: Atlanta" star Karen King walked into court to deal with 1 case this week, but never left ... 'cause she was arrested for an entirely different one on the spot.Law enforcement sources tell us Karen was in court Monday to deal with her pending identity fraud case when she was taken into custody. We're told deputies hauled her off when the court clerk announced there was an outstanding warrant for her arrest ... for allegedly skipping car payments on a Maserati.As we reported ... Karen stands accused of skipping months of payments on the Maserati she bought in 2014, which led to a judge signing off on the warrant back in October. She'd been MIA ever since.No word yet if the repo man got his hands on the whip.
Ten bottles of Ace of Spades and the best seats in the house at Miami's hottest club -- that's how Future and Nicki Minaj roll on a Sunday, or really ... early Monday morning.The superstars just dropped the video for their collab, "You Da Baddest," and partied at Miami's STORY Nightclub with a stacked VIP table ... Young Thug and Mack Maine were there too, on top of the $20k in bubbly.It was a late night. Nicki and Future came around the same time ... 2 AM and stayed till 4:30 AM. Future didn't drink a sip of alcohol, though we're sure it didn't go to waste. We're told Mack's been celebrating his birthday ... since Friday.
Apparently Treach has some questions about whether the Geto Boys' Bushwick Bill is down with O.P.P. ... so he pushed him off the edge of the stage they were sharing.We're kidding about the reason, but Treach and Bill did take a tumble during Naughty by Nature's set of their "I Love the 90s" stop in Houston. Bill was rapping his verse to "My Mind Playing Tricks on Me," and Treach decided to join him, but tripped on his way.Clearly, Treach believes the more the merrier -- 'cause he wasn't going down alone!It's all good. Bill was smiling afterward, but we're guessing he didn't stick around for "Hip Hop Hooray."
Heidi Klum's boyfriend, Vito Schnabel, got an eyeful of the views the French Riviera has to offer, and we don't mean the deep blue Mediterranean ... we mean Heidi lookin' fine as hell in a bikini.The two, who've been dating for more than 3 years, are still going strong, and it's not hard to see why Vito's been sticking around when he's got Heidi hosing him down with her chest in his face.The couple and some friends were parked Sunday off the coast of Antibes in the South of France. Looked relaxing.Good to see Vito's still showering Heidi with roses, not that she hasn't been kissed by them before.
Allen Iverson was gambling in a Chicago area casino hours before he blew off a BIG3 basketball league game in Dallas over the weekend ... TMZ Sports has learned.Iverson was first spotted at the Rivers Casino in Des Plaines, IL on Saturday night into early Sunday morning. One witness says AI was still in the building at 3 AM.The issue ... Iverson -- who's the coach and captain of the 3's Company team -- was supposed to be in Dallas to play Team Power but he never showed up.Hours later, Iverson surfaced at the Sugar Factory restaurant (around 10 PM on Sunday -- wearing the same clothes he'd been wearing at the casino in the days before. Fans who recognized him asked for photos, but he refused.The restaurant is 2 miles from the casino.The BIG3 has launched an investigation into the situation.Iverson had been frequenting the casino last week -- and had been gambling with a huge stack of chips at the roulette table.Earlier in the month, he was spotted at another casino in Philadelphia.Attempts to reach Iverson were unsuccessful.
Sam Shepard -- the brilliant playwright who won a Pulitzer Prize and also was nominated for an Oscar -- has died.Sam had been battling with ALS and reportedly died Sunday peacefully in his Kentucky home. The website Broadway World reported he was surrounded by his children and sisters.Sam won the coveted Pulitzer Prize back in 1979 for the play "Buried Child." He penned 44 plays and was nominated for an Academy Award for best supporting actor for the 1983 film, "The Right Stuff."New York Magazine hailed him as the greatest American playwright of his generation. Sam starred in a bunch of movies -- including "Black Hawk Down" and "Swordfish" -- and most recently starred in Netflix's "Bloodline."He was married to O-Lan Jones for 15 years and was Jessica Lange's longtime partner for over 2 decades. They had 2 kids together.Sam was 73.#RIP
Liam Hemsworth and Rebel Wilson's makeout sesh got sloppy ... even in a tux and gown.Liam and Rebel were on the set of "Isn't it Romantic" in NYC ... making out for a scene under drenching rain and a green screen as their backdrop. It's unclear what the green screen was needed for ... but the flick's about a woman who mysteriously gets sucked into a romantic comedy. So, use your imagination.Rain, rain go away? Not if you're in a movie.
O.J. Simpson's 2 kids with Nicole are buying up a bunch of properties in Florida, and Fred Goldman's attorneys want to know where they got the money to do it.Sydney and Justin Simpson -- who are 31 and 28, respectively now -- both live in Florida and work in real estate ... and they're apparently doing very well in the industry.  According to the NY Post, they've each purchased a handful of apartments in the St. Petersburg area over the last 2 years.There are reportedly no mortgages on the properties ... suggesting they paid cash.An attorney for Goldman -- who won a $33.5 million judgment from O.J. following the civil trial for the families of Goldman and Simpson -- says he wants to follow the money trail. Simpson still owes the bulk of that money, and clearly Goldman has an interest in finding out if Simpson's hiding cash from him.It won't be easy. Much of Simpson's wealth -- pensions and annuities -- is protected under Florida law.We got video of Justin in Florida the day O.J. was paroled. Definitely seems like he's doing well, based on the car he's driving.
9:08 AM PT -- Chris just issued a statement to TMZ Sports saying, "David Z was a good friend of mine and I was mentally and emotionally shattered after paying tribute to him and essentially saying goodbye to him Friday night.""I was not in a good state of mind at that time and instead of ignoring a pushy (aka rude) fan which is what I would usually do, I snapped. My apologies to all involved and God bless David Z."Chris Jericho just added another name to his list.The WWE superstar got into a heated shouting match with another man after an event in NYC on Friday night -- with the two cussing each other out right on the street ... and TMZ Sports has the footage.It all went down outside Irving Plaza, where Jericho had just appeared at a tribute show for musician David Z, who was killed in a recent bus accident.Witnesses tell us multiple people approached Jericho outside the venue asking for pics and autographs -- and while he obliged at first, Y2J started to get frustrated and began to turn people down.That's when our video begins -- you can see Jericho and a guy who said he was a fan yelling at each other.The fan said he was just trying to congratulate Jericho on a recent WWE match -- but Chris wasn't having it and told the guy, "F*ck your ass."More cussing ensued -- and as the fan walks away, you can hear Jericho tell his friend, "These guys are f*cking pussies."
Samuel L. Jackson is always gonna be Samuel L., which means even when he's nicely signing a ton of autographs ... he's gonna drop an f-bomb or 2, and then he's gonna drop some knowledge.We got Sam Sunday at LAX, where he was taking some time out to give fans his John Hancock ... and not just on photos. They threw everything but the kitchen sink at him, so we had to ask what's the weirdest thing he's ever been asked to sign. He didn't even pause.
Tomi Lahren 1, Chelsea Handler 0 -- at least that's how Tomi had her liberal-conservative showdown scored.We got Tomi leaving Politicon in Pasadena, and asked her if the debate -- really more of spirited convo -- moved her ever so slightly toward the left. She showered some praise on Chelsea ... but then declared SHE made Chelsea lean right.That's probably pushing it, and the actual score is probably a tie -- especially considering Tomi gives Obamacare just a tiny bit of praise in this clip.Can't stay on Mom and Dad's plan forever!
Houston rapper Z-Ro recorded a song with details of a violent altercation with a girlfriend -- and his ex claims it's a confession because he made it shortly after he allegedly beat her.Sources close to rapper Just Brittany claim Z-Ro produced the track and sent it to Brittany just one month after she says he beat her mercilessly. TMZ broke the story ... the Houston icon was arrested last week for the alleged attack.The song "Sorry" includes lyrics like ... "I'm sorry, baby; I'm sorry, baby // I just can't be your ho // I can't believe I put my hands on you, I ain't wanna do it, I was trying to blow 20 grand on you // the f*** is man gon' do with all this ungratefulness and hatefulness from the people I deal with and the woman I chill with."
Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick are fully back on track as co-parents after some serious conversations and a little family vacation.Sources close to the situation tell us Kourtney's laid out the rules loud and clear to Scott ... if things are gonna work, there's no more hard partying and he's gotta respect her dating someone else. We're told so far, Scott's obliged and things have gone swimmingly.The pair recently spent some time in Nantucket with their 3 kids. Our sources say, while they're totally done romantically, they realize the importance of showing their kids they can get along.TMZ broke the story, Kourtney was furious with Scott after he had a jealousy-fueled party spree back in May ... and even kept the kids from him until he cleaned up his act. For now, we're told it's squeaky clean.
Mark Ruffalo has something in common with Reince Preibus ... and he's hoping it's enough to convince the ex-White House Chief of Staff to take down President Trump.Mark proudly told us Sunday at LAX, he and Reince are both Kenosha, Wisconsin boys. That was the launching point for his pitch -- begging Preibus to spill as much damaging info as possible on his former boss.The 'Avengers' star's not trying to hide it ... he has an agenda, and strongly believes Preibus can help get the job done. As for how the Hulk would handle a sit-down with the Prez? Mark essentially had one word: SMASH!!
Turns out controversial "Bachelor In Paradise" star DeMario Jackson may not be done with reality TV -- TMZ has learned producers are seriously considering him for a "Dancing With the Stars" slot.Sources close to production tell us the show reached out to DeMario's publicist weeks ago, which explains why he was already fully campaigning to be in the ballroom when we asked about it last week.We're told nothing's signed ... they're still negotiating, but hard to imagine a scenario where DeMario doesn't take this opportunity.DeMario didn't return to the 'BiP' set in Mexico following the oral sex controversy with Corinne Olympios that shut down production, but he will be on the reunion episode.
Don't worry about Luke Rockhold dippin' his pen in the company ink ...Despite nailing all sorts of hot women all over the world -- famous ones, wannabe famous ones, you name it -- the UFC star says he draws a hard line when it comes to banging female fighters."I appreciate what the girls do. It's sexy at times even," Rockhold says ... "It's just not my style."So, what IS his style? Victoria's Secret models.In fact, Rockhold hints that he's banging one on the down low right now ... and knowing this guy's history, we wouldn't put it past him.

Charlamagne tha God is catching major heat from the transgender community after a guest on his radio show joked about killing transgender women -- and the backlash started during his appearance at Politicon.#Transgender community @Politicon telling @cthagod "We Are Not A Joke" over comments made @breakfastclubam #Politicon2017 #ResistHate @eqca pic.twitter.com/PgcDNchiQpCharlamagne was speaking Sunday at the event in Pasadena when advocates for transgender people began shouting at him ... "We are not a joke! Trans people are not a joke!"The outrage began building last week when comedian Lil Duval was on "The Breakfast Club" ... and said if he ever discovered he'd unknowingly slept with a transgender woman, that woman would be "dying."After Duval made the remark, Charlamagne, DJ Envy and Angela Yee seemed to condemn it, saying that would be a hate crime.
Chris Christie wasn't having it this time with heckling fans at a baseball game over the weekend ... seeing how he got within inches of one guy's face.At #Cubs #Brewers game. #ChrisChristie was getting razzed by fans, so he got in the face of one of them. 5:30 on @WISN12News pic.twitter.com/sx8euMgFy2Christie was at Miller Stadium Sunday in Milwaukee for a Brewers-Cubs game, and this clip shows the tail end of what looks like a heated confrontation with a Cubs fan that luckily ended with just words.You clearly hear the NJ governor tell the dude, "You're a big shot" -- before he pulls back and continues down the steps ... nachos intact and all. Unclear what exactly set off the stare-down ... we haven't heard back from his office for comment.As we reported ... Christie got destroyed by Mets fans earlier this month when he caught a foul ball and was showered in BOOOs. He also hasn't fared well on sports radio.
Kendall Jenner's a well-known supporter of the "Free the Nipple" movement -- and on Sunday, she proved her advocacy yet again.The model was seen out Sunday in NYC in a barely there see-through red blouse, which put her assets on full display.This definitely isn't her first time unburdening her nips -- she was recently doing just that at a beach party in Mykonos ... and who could forget last year's hang out sesh with her girls?It's about 80 degrees in the city right now ... looks like she must've caught a draft here.
Drita D'Avanzo thinks the landlord trying to remove a mural of her late "Mob Wives" friend and co-star Angela Raiola from his building is BS -- literally -- 'cause it's a hit with tourists.Drita tells us the excuse the landlord's offering of the Big Ang tribute being "offensive" doesn't hold water ... since she has folks from all over the globe tell her otherwise everyday.She gets pretty emotional talking about the mural -- which is in jeopardy of being removed entirely. It's been almost 18 months since Big Ang died from cancer, but Drita still gets choked up talking about her.Still, Drita admits saving the mural will be an uphill battle. The guy owns the place, after all.
Alex Rodriguez fans got a smoking hot 2-for-1 deal when Jennifer Lopez unexpectedly showed up at his side for a sports memorabilia show.J Lo surprised the Chicago crowd at the National Sports Collectors Convention when 10 minutes into A-Rod's signing session ... she quietly walked out from behind a curtain and sat next to him. Witnesses say there was zero fanfare or announcement ... which, let's face it, is NOT typical when J Lo enters a room.We're told Jennifer just beamed at Alex while he signed items for fans -- minimum $150 a pop -- and she frequently stood up to snap pics of him. Y'know it's love when she's happy to watch you work ... and work is signing your name over and over and over again.Interestingly, we're told J Lo didn't sign anything -- and that's where we think everyone struck out.An autographed, game used J-Rod ball's gotta be a moneymaker!
11:52 AM PT -- A Florida judge on Sunday called for Repp's misdemeanor stalking charge to be upgraded to a felony charge, saying his alleged offense qualifies as aggravated stalking. The charge was not officially upgraded Sunday, but Repp could be facing a felony charge soon enough. He's being held on a $5,000 bond.Kate Beckinsale has been dealing with a man who allegedly followed her across the country over the past year, and even threatened to stab her once prior to being busted at Tampa Bay Comic Con.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... 45-year-old Terry Lee Repp was arrested Saturday morning at the Tampa Convention Center after cops were told to be on the lookout for him, due to his history with Kate.We're told one officer recognized Repp before Kate appeared for her 11 AM Q&A panel, and arrested him on the spot. He was booked at Hillsborough County Jail for stalking.According to the police report, obtained by TMZ, Repp has been following and harassing Kate for at least a year.He allegedly made physical contact with her at an event in Salt Lake City in 2016 -- touching her back and then threatening to stab her. He also ran into her again at another event in Houston the same year, where he was detained by cops and booted as well.Cops say Repp appears to "have an irrational obsession with the victim and has traveled across the country in an effort to harass her."
Blac Chyna doesn't play when it comes to her money, and she made sure to get a giant wad of cash before her latest gig.Chyna pulled up outside Project Club LA Saturday night -- she was hosting, but before the party could get started ... the money man had to come through. Our club sources say BC got $15k for the appearance, and we spotted a promoter getting into her ride with the goods.Rocking new red hair, Chyna and bf Mechie finally strolled into the club after the transaction -- a great one for her. She only stayed about an hour.Good money if ya can get it! Think she counted it?
Chester Bennington's family and closest friends gathered for a private funeral near his home in Palos Verdes, CA.A couple hundred people attended the service Saturday afternoon at South Coast Botanic Garden -- many of the guests were musicians who'd played or toured with Chester and Linkin Park. A full stage, including a drum kit, was set up for musical tributes to be performed.Police provided tight security at the event. As TMZ first reported ... the family opted for a private funeral, instead of a massive open service. Instead, fans have organized numerous memorials around the globe for the frontman, who hanged himself just over a week ago.Fittingly, all funeral attendees had to have wrist bands and an access pass -- similar to most concert VIP passes.Chester was 41. #RIP
Turns out Steph Curry does a dead-on impression of LeBron James in the gym ... and he busted it out at a wedding, in front of LBJ's running mate, Kyrie Irving.Steph Curry mocks LeBron's workout, and Kyrie is laughing about it lololol(via ryanonlyryan/IG) pic.twitter.com/Tpyc4U9C5HA bunch of the Golden State Warriors were at their former teammate Harrison Barnes' wedding when Steph decided to show everyone what he'd been working on in the off-season. The fact, Kyrie was also there made it way more entertaining.Irving reportedly wants to be traded so he can get out of LeBron's shadow -- and, of course, Steph and the Warriors just took the Championship from them.To the victor goes the spoils?Bald head nut!! #IHearEmPrayingOnMyDownfall #CantStopWontStop #striveforgreatness🚀
Sen. John McCain is #2 in the eyes of former Trump adviser Roger Stone -- and no, he doesn't mean second place.Stone was at Politicon Saturday in Pasadena when we asked if he thought President Trump would be able to get past McCain's skinny repeal 'no' vote. He says no way, and even further ... makes it clear he doesn't think the Prez should let it go.Truth is ... Stone's been blasting Sen. McCain everywhere since the vote, but this time he's amping up the rhetoric. It's uncommon to see a senior senator/war hero spoken of this way.
Amber Rose is trying to smooth things over with her hometown by explaining her remark about no "traditional beauty" in South Philly ... was really about herself.Amber was looking cute in a brunette wig -- traditionally speaking -- Saturday night on her way out of Playhouse nightclub, and she was anxious to set the record straight. She claims she never said anyone was ugly -- although it sure as hell sounds like it when you watch the video from the "Drink Champs" podcast.Amber's clarification seems to be that she was referring to "society's standards of beauty" -- and that even she didn't feel beautiful.Translation: The world thought South Philly had ugly people, and I was one of them?#PressPlay: #AmberRose said she comes from a place where people "aren't traditionally attractive" and it has some people feeling some kinda way. Roomies, what y'all think?
Looks like Boosie ﻿was telling the truth -- cops say his bank account WAS hacked, but he didn't know it was his own brother draining $361,000.TMZ broke the story ... the rapper said someone siphoned dough from his Capital One account and made a bunch of transactions. Now we've obtained the police report, which says Boosie's bro, Taquari Hatch, made more than a dozen wire transfers to different people ... who would then give him cash. Cops say he once sent as much as $80k in one transfer.According to docs, Taquari even posed as Boosie while on the phone with Capital One customer service, but blew his cover when he mentioned having a wife ... which Boosie does not. We're told that set off alarms for the fraud department.
Chelsea Handler and Tomi Lahren's debate wasn't as contentious or bitchy as most had hoped -- but it did reveal Tomi hasn't fully fled her parents' nest.The liberal-conservative showdown Saturday afternoon at Politicon was less debate, and more interview -- like Chelsea's show. Still, there were plenty of jabs thrown over President Trump, his military transgender ban and, of course, Obamacare.Chelsea asked Tomi if she has a healthcare plan -- she's currently unemployed, after all -- and Tomi pointed out she's only 24 ... and still on mom and dad's plan.
Joanna Krupa's vagina is in a league of its own when it comes to scent ... according to her estranged husband, who's defending her against Brandi Glanville.Romain Zago dropped the sweet, sweet compliment earlier this month during a deposition in the now-infamous smelly vagina legal battle between Joanna and Brandi.According to docs, obtained by TMZ, Romain told Brandi's attorney -- "If you want to know the answer to this stupid comments from your client, (Joanna's) vagina smells amazing. And I swear on God, Jesus, my father, my brothers."Brandi's lawyer asked Romain if Joanna smells better or the same as the other women -- and he said, "Better than any other woman in the world." Ringing endorsement, for sure.Romain also accused Brandi of being a horrendous bully who damaged his marriage.Joanna filed to divorce him just 4 days before the deposition, and he STILL testified pro vajayjay!Who-ha, indeed!
Vic Mensa is sticking up for Justin Bieber ... saying he's also canceled gigs when he just couldn't get onstage and do it.The Chicago rapper -- who just dropped his killer album, "The Autobiography" -- was supposed to open for the Biebs on his last 14 tour dates. When we got Vic in NYC Friday ... he showed love for Bieber, and what he thinks he's going through right now.But you gotta see how his tone flipped the second we mentioned fellow Chi-Town icon, R.Kelly. Vic has some strong opinions, and aired 'em out!
Playboy playmate Kennedy Summers sure knows how to set tongues wagging.Summers, who was Playmate of the Year in 2014, took in every bit of her last name this week in Malibu, looking as hot as the sun beating down on her. She's a damn fine multitasker too!Seriously, why not walk your dog while rocking a bikini and catching some Vitamin D on the beach?
Brown and yellow?If Wiz Khalifa wants to get the actual crap beat out of him, UFC bad ass Felice Herrig﻿ says she's more than happy to do the honors ... if Wiz wants to test his MMA skills against a real fighter.As we previously reported, Wiz has been doing some fight training in L.A. -- so, we asked Herrig to assess the rapper's skills.She loves him as a rapper, but Herrig says he'd need to get a big ol' diaper if they ever stepped in the cage 'cause the fight would be a repeat of what she did to her opponent back in June.BONUS -- Herrig also takes a shot at rapping the Eazy-E classic, "Gimme That Nutt" ... and let's just say she's a better fighter than a rapper.
Kate Beckinsale postponed an appearance at Tampa Bay Comic Con after an incident with an "overzealous fan" ... which resulted in the guy being booted and her filing a police report.A spokesperson for Tampa Bay Comic Con tells TMZ Kate was set to speak Saturday morning on a Q&A panel at the Tampa Convention Center, but had to have her appearance pushed to 6 PM -- to give her time to file the report over the fan in question.The man was escorted from the building, but it's unclear what exactly happened. It's also unclear as of now whether the man was arrested or not.Whatever happened ... Kate was left OK enough to return to the same event. We're told she knocked it out and left without incident. Looks like she also met some fans and signed autographs.My buddy is at comic con here. Look at Kate Beckinsale at 44... ❤️❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🤘🏽🤘🏽🤘🏽👅👅👅😈😈😈 #comiccon #katebeckinsale #underworld #hot #sexy #ageisjustanumber #fitness #beauty #gorgeous #tampaA post shared by RB (@alphaextreme85) on Jul 29, 2017 at 3:06pm PDT
Mariah Carey's bodyguard dragged a guy out of the backstage area ... who claims he was a credentialed journalist -- but Mariah's team is calling BS.James Pablo tells TMZ he was backstage at Mariah and Lionel Richie's show Thursday night at San Diego State's Viegas Arena to interview their opener. He says he had a press pass that was attached to a lanyard around his neck, and had every right to be there.James says he saw Mariah backstage, and asked to take a pic with her -- which he says she OK'd. When he tried going in for the selfie, James says her bodyguard allegedly yanked his lanyard -- which was still around his neck -- and dragged him outside.Once he was out, James tracked down cops and filed a police report ... saying he wanted to press charges. Law enforcement sources confirm a battery report was taken and the investigation is ongoing.As for Mariah ... sources close to her tell us James was an obsessed fan who snuck backstage with a fake badge. Her bodyguard pulled James away when he saw him grab her dress and feared he was going to attack her.James insists he had a valid press credential to be backstage, and denies grabbing Mariah's dress.
7:43 PM PT -- A rep for Lady Gaga tells TMZ ... she's provided all relevant info in her possession to the court, and she isn't a key part of this suit. Gaga believes Dr. Luke is only trying to draw press by exaggerating her role in his case against Kesha and by falsely accusing her of dodging his requests.Lady Gaga's been dodging Dr. Luke, refusing to be deposed in the Kesha case, but now he wants the judge to force her to do it ... TMZ has learned.Dr. Luke filed docs demanding Gaga firm up a date when she will sit for the depo. In the docs, Luke says she tried to offer up a written statement instead ... but he says that's not good enough. He wants his lawyers to grill her face-to-face for no more than 3 hours.The hot topic Luke wants her to open about is a text message convo between Kesha and Gaga. According to the docs, obtained by TMZ, the texts include Kesha saying she'd been abused by Luke, and imploring Gaga to join a "smear campaign against [Dr. Luke]." Luke says that campaign included Gaga urging Sony Music to cut ties with him, and promoting "Free Kesha" on social media.Luke's lawyers subpoenaed Gaga to get a copy of the texts, but according to the docs ... the copy they got was so heavily redacted it was incomprehensible.Luke wants the judge to force Gaga to turn over a completely un-redacted version immediately.
Amy Schumer is once again the only female comedian to make Forbes' highest paid list this year -- and that ain't necessarily a good thing ... according to Joel McHale.We got the comic Friday at LAX, where we asked him to weigh in on Amy's ranking for the 2nd consecutive year ... during which she made $37.5 million.Joel doesn't mince words here -- he says the comedy biz is still very much a boys club ... despite the fact there's tons of funny women out there who deserve more recognition ... and $$$$.He also draws some comparisons to diversity in TV ... hinting that comedy's got some catching up to do.
Allen Iverson was rolling like a big shot on the roulette table this week ... 'cause by looks of it he was gambling with thousands worth of chips.We obtained more photos of A.I. at the Rivers Casino Thursday in Chicago -- where he and his BIG3 team were in town for a game -- and now we have an idea what sort of chip count he was playing the table with.
R. Kelly was defiant in his first concert since the "sex cult" allegations -- keeping all the rubbing, groping and sexy portions of his act fully in tact.Kelly took the stage in Virginia Beach Friday night, and said the "boss man" wants me to tone it down -- but quickly made it clear that wasn't happening. As he usually does, Kelly had female fans wiping sweat off his body and encouraged them to grab his crotch.The claims he's holding women against their will didn't stop female fans from packing into the front rows. However, witnesses say the 20,000 seat venue was less than half full. Didn't help that Kelly went on about 90 minutes late ... and due to local curfew the whole show was less than an hour long.As one fan put it -- Kelly "was amazing ... for the 45 minutes! The opener performed longer!!"
Clippers rookie and SEC hoops star Sindarius Thornwell had a seriously funny run-in with cops in South Carolina -- but he's probably not laughing about the fact it ended up on live TV!It all went down Friday night on the A&E show "Live PD" ... when police pulled over Sindarius' gf for speeding. Apparently, she was chasing him at the time, and Sindarius -- rocking a Clippers t-shirt -- stopped too when she got pulled over.The hysterical part came when the officer recognized Sindarius -- he was SEC player of the year for the Gamecocks, after all. The cop said, "I know you from somewhere. Where you work at?"ST's response ... "I don't got a job."Why so shy? Well, Sindarius juuust signed his rookie contract on Thursday, and probably didn't want to rock the boat. He even tried to hide his Clippers tee from the cop.To be clear -- cops had no issue with Sindarius, just his gf ... who apparently was riding around with all HIS stuff in the car.
Justin Bieber's love of music is fully intact, and his love for his religion won't change that ... which is why he's reassuring close friends he WILL return to performing.When TMZ broke the story ... Justin was canceling the Purpose tour to rededicate "his life to Christ" ... we're told it sent shockwaves through the industry, and there was genuine concern he would put music on the back burner.Sources connected to his inner circle say Justin's had multiple convos this week, explaining his faith won't stop him from being an artist. We're told music's always been a major release for Justin and he's constantly in and out of studios working on new tunes.We're told he has not recorded since pulling the plug on his tour, but he's made it clear he intends to return. He just doesn't have a date in mind yet.Our sources also say he's adamant he'll return to touring too ... when the time is right, but most likely NOT for 2 consecutive years -- as he attempted to do this time.We got Justin's frequent writing and producing partners, Poo Bear, Skrillex and John Shahidi at Catch, and they were totally in favor of JB's break ... for his rest and his religion.
﻿Bella Thorne must have been extra dirty, 'cause she spent a lot of time rolling around in a bathtub in next to nothing.The hot scene was for the "Just Call" music video she's doing with Prince Fox -- but we imagine this is what bath time normally looks like for Bella, anyway. That's not just us, right?The 19-year-old actress and singer's wardrobe was minimal -- bejeweled bra and panties. That's it.
Tomi Lahren says the big payback is already in the works for Sen. John McCain ... courtesy of President Trump's supporters.The conservative firebrand warmed up for her Politicon showdown with Chelsea Handler when we got her Friday night at LAX. She was all fired up about McCain's "no" vote on the skinny repeal of Obamacare ... and accused him of Senate floor attention whoring.She insists revenge will be served. Cold.As for her highly-anticipated Saturday evening Politicon debate -- the ex 'Blaze' host has her opening shot locked and loaded for Chelsea.
Great news -- Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez woke up with even more chiseled bodies! Now back to your doughnut.The couple got in a yoga workout Friday in NYC, and based on this glimpse of their abs ... it was a good one. Not that it shows -- even a little -- but this was the day after Alex celebrated his 42nd birthday ... and a few days after J Lo's 48th!As the saying goes: couples that sweat together ... make other couples super envious.
The Mini Team.Floyd Mayweather's tiny doppelganger has signed his contract and will go toe-to-toe with "Irishman Mini McGregor" ... and it's all thanks to Larry Flynt.The night before the real Floyd and Conor face off in Vegas, these two guys will step in the ring at the Hustler Club just down the way.We're told it will be a 3 round fight for the very, very lightweight championship of the world.You may remember Mini Mayweather from his epic bout with Mini Pacquiao ... a fight that had more action than the real MayPac throwdown.Hopefully this fight will live up to the hype ... hate to see it fall short.

Shaun Weiss -- the guy who played "Mighty Ducks" goalie Goldberg -- is getting major penalty box time in real life for petty theft.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... Shaun was at a Fry's Electronics earlier this month and stole $151 in merchandise. Two days after his arrest, he pled no contest to petty theft, and was sentenced to 150 days in L.A. County Jail.We're told he got a stiff sentence because this was second petty theft bust.His manager, Don Gibble, tells TMZ, "[Shaun] hopes jail will help him, and maybe while he is in jail he will write something."Not a diary, but a script or jokes. Shaun's been known to do a little standup.
Coldplay's firing a preemptive shot at anyone attempting to hawk non-official merchandise at an upcoming show, by unleashing Live Nation's legal team.Chris Martin and co. have a nearly sold out show at in Foxborough, Mass on August 4 -- and Live Nation, which promotes Coldplay's U.S. tour, wants all 66,000 fans to keep it real ... as in, no fake gear. The company's filed for a temporary restraining order to ban the sale of bootleg merch outside the venue.The promoter says sales of fake souvenirs and clothing would cause substantial monetary losses for the company. It's looking to make the same move in all cities on the tour.
Hold your breath as you swim through these below the surface snaps of these snorkeling stars who are makin' a splash on social media.
"You're the Worst" driver star Brandon Mychal Smith allegedly came this close to running a red light ... and that was enough for cops to pull him over and bust him for DUI.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... Brandon was driving his Rolls-Royce in Burbank last weekend when he overshot the crosswalk at a red light. We're told Brandon slipped it into reverse, but cops were watching from the other side of the intersection.Cops pulled him over and suspected he was impaired. We're told Brandon blew a BAC at least twice the legal limit. He was promptly arrested for DUI. It's worth mentioning ... this was at 7:10 AM.Brandon -- once a candidate to replace Nick Cannon on 'AGT' -- was jailed for several hours before cops released him.Brandon's camp had no comment on the arrest.
A powerful U.S. congressmen is calling out NFL owners on behalf of Colin Kaepernick -- he clearly feels the QB is being punished for speaking his conscience ... and "it's unfair."TMZ Sports spoke with Cedric Richmond -- a democrat from Louisiana who's also the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. He's also a big football fan.So, when we asked how he felt about Kaepernick still being unemployed -- the congressman didn't hold back."I think it's unfair. I think that he has a lot of talent. He was the starting QB in the Super Bowl and he's a great athlete. And the fact that he spoke up means he's a great person and he spoke his conscience.""I don't think we should penalize people in this country for doing that."He continued, "As I look around the NFL at some backup quarterbacks, it's clear that his talent is superior to a lot of people who are on teams already.""I would hope that people would give him a chance and sign him and see what he has to offer."Richmond concludes, "We should not penalize somebody for exercising their 1st amendment right."

Anthony Scaramucci might wanna learn something from Steve Bannon, after all -- Mrs. 'Mooch' is reportedly filing for divorce.The new White House Communications Director had been married for about 3 years to Deidre Ball, but according to the NY Post ... she got fed up with his Washington, D.C. ambitions and decided to leave him.Ball had been a VP at SkyBridge Capital, the investment firm Scaramucci founded.The Post reports there's been tension in the marriage because Deidre isn't a Trump fan, and did not support Anthony's desire to land a White House post.We've reached out to Scaramucci's office, but no word back. He seemed to reference the split on Twitter.
"Game of Thrones" star Nikolaj Coster-Waldau claims he got duped into signing a deal that sucked money out of his pockets, but his former manager says he's forgetting some facts.Nikolaj -- who plays Ser Jaime Lannister on 'GoT' -- filed docs Friday saying his former manager, Jill Littman, tricked him into signing a contract in 2011 ... and again in 2014.In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Nikolaj says he had a verbal deal with Jill to pay her 10% commission. He says he never wanted a written deal, and only signed one when Jill told him it was required so her agency could sponsor his work visa. Nikolaj's Danish.But Jill, who's repped by Howard King, insists there was trickery. She says Nikolaj signed the 2014 deal -- then in 2015, when he wanted out ... she says he promised he'd pay her commission for 'GoT' until it ends.
Amber Rose doesn't think people from her South Philly 'hood are ugly, they're just not exotic ... at least that's the defense her pal N.O.R.E.'s tossing up for her.The rapper was out in NYC when we asked him about Amber's remark about people she grew up with not being "traditionally attractive." She said it on N.O.R.E.'s "Drink Champs" podcast, and has been slammed for it ever since.But he thinks everyone's got her words twisted. N.O.R.E. adds, Amber has a pretty good body ... of evidence for his "exotic" theory.Not sure Kevin Hart's ex, and Philly native, Torrei Hart will buy that, but worth a shot.
BOOM!!!!Shaq Diesel just responded to LaVar Ball a la Tupac -- with a brand new killer 3 minute diss track going right after the Big Baller.O'Neal's flow is straight fire over a classic Jay-Z beat -- and he mocks LaVar's basketball career right off the bat."I been doing this a long time ... when you were averaging 2 points riding the pine."There's more ... Shaq also responds to LaVar's claim that he could beat him in 1-on-1."You having a dream and when you wake up apologize. And bow down to my Staples Center statue hanging off the side (of the building)."But there's a twist ... with Shaq giving LaVar props for his parenting skills at the end of the track -- plus, he praises LaMelo's jump shot.Enjoy ... and let's pray LaVar responds.
There's a good reason R. Kelly went on camera to reassure fans his weekend concerts are still a go -- because ticket sales for his opening night are seriously lagging.Kelly's first concert since the sex 'cult' allegations came out is Friday night at Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater in Virginia Beach. We checked Live Nation's website to see what tickets are still available.In a word: PLENTY!!!The venue -- which holds 20,000 -- appears barely at 50% capacity with just hours to go. We talked to someone at the amphitheater and we're told it could be as simple as this -- Kelly just ain't popular anymore.Of course, it could also be a reaction to allegations made by Joycelyn Savage's family. As we reported, Kelly recorded an on-camera denial ... dismissing the rumors as "all crap."Kinda like his Friday night box office numbers.
Kathy Griffin says the feds have "completely exonerated" her for the infamous Donald Trump beheading photo.According to Kathy, the federal investigation into the bloody head photo closed Friday. The Secret Service had been looking into the matter since Kathy and famed photographer Tyler Shields teamed up for the shot back in May.You'll recall, Kathy lost a bunch of gigs in the aftermath, including her CNN's New Year's special. She also claimed the President, his family members and his social media followers were bullying her.
Paul Shanley -- the ex-Boston priest convicted of child abuse and profiled in the movie "Spotlight" -- is out of prison after serving 12 years.Shanley was released for good behavior -- he'd been sentenced to 15 years. Shanley was convicted back in 2005 of raping a boy for several years in the 1980s. The 86-year-old will now be on supervised probation for 10 years.He was one of the first priests to go to prison following The Boston Globe uncovering the child abuse scandal in the Boston Archdiocese."Spotlight" won the Oscar for Best Picture in 2016.
Richard Simmons' reputation wasn't destroyed after a story ran he was transitioning to a woman and that's why he can't sue ... so claims the National Enquirer.The Enquirer's parent company -- American Media -- filed docs saying the fitness guru's reputation as someone willing to bend gender norms was cemented long before its stories ... which claimed Richard had a boob job and was living as a woman named Fiona.In docs, obtained by TMZ, American Media says Richard's defamation suit shouldn't stand because there's nothing insulting about saying someone is transgender. On top of that, AM says for most of his 40-year career, Simmons created gender uncertainty by wearing flamboyant, feminine attire.As we reported ... Simmons said the Enquirer gambled he wouldn't sue because it'd make it seem like he thinks there's something wrong with people who transition.
Rapper Z-Ro is accusing his former girlfriend, rapper Just Brittany, of using him for publicity -- and claims there's proof on social media he didn't beat her.Sources close to Z-R0 tell TMZ he plans to fight the felony assault charges in court. He also thinks the timing of Brittany going to cops is suspicious.First, there's the picture Brittany posted on Twitter just after 1:51 AM on April 30. The alleged beating took place on April 29. We're told Z-Ro thinks it proves she wasn't beaten at all. In the photo, Brittany's wearing a red bodysuit and smiling next to a friend.There's also this ... Z-Ro is telling friends it's not a coincidence Brittany reported the alleged assault on Monday -- 3 months later -- because the new reality show she's on, "Signed," premiered Wednesday. The insinuation -- she's just trying to get her name in headlines. To that point, our Z-Ro sources point out Brittany bragged she was trending on social media ... the day after his arrest.However, when we asked about the 21 minute recording police say Brittany has of the incident -- we were told Z-Ro hasn't heard it, and won't speak about it.
Chester Bennington ﻿will be celebrated far and wide by Linkin Park fans who want to pay their final respects ... and the band's completely on board.Linkin Park's Mike Shinoda tweeted a link telling fans about a monumental effort to pay tribute to Chester all over the world -- in L.A., NYC, Vancouver, Paris, Copenhagen, Japan and beyond.TMZ broke the story ... Chester's family wants a private memorial, but is fully aware fans also want to properly say goodbye. And now they can. LPFanCorner is spearheading the public memorial.The group put together a full list of memorials around the world. In fact ... some will be held at venues where the band was supposed to play before canceling its tour.Still unclear if band members will attend any of the events.
Chester Bennington's wife, Talinda, says her family's life went from "fairytale" to "sick Shakespearean tragedy" since her husband's suicide a week ago.Talinda released a statement, saying ... "How do I move on? How do I pick up my shattered soul? The only answer I know is to raise our babies with every ounce of love I have left. I want to let my community and the fans worldwide know that we feel your love. We feel your loss as well. My babies are so young to have lost their daddy."Chester, who has 3 kids with Talinda, hanged himself in the family's new Rancho Palos Verdes Estates home.Talinda says she lost her soulmate and her kids lost their hero. Talinda also asks that fans help keep his memory alive as he's now "pain free singing his songs in all of our hearts."She also asks fans to turn to one another when they're in pain, and adds, "Chester would've wanted us to do so."
George and Amal Clooney are ready to defend their infant twins in court ... as they vow to sue a French magazine that published pics of them.The mag, "Voici," published shots on Friday of the Clooneys cradling Alexander and Ella. They appeared to be in a backyard, and George says that's exactly what happened ... and he's pissed.In a statement he says, "Over the last week photographers from Voici magazine scaled our fence, climbed our tree and illegally took pictures of our infants inside our home. Make no mistake the photographers, the agency and the magazine will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law."Assuming it went down as George said ... he's got a strong case. Under French law, public figures -- like George -- can only be photographed while going about their public lives ... and only for journalistic purposes.Even in Italy -- where George and Amal were in the photos -- photogs cannot peep into a private residence or take photos of people or objects hidden from normal visibility.George says, "The safety of our children demands" he go forward with a lawsuit.The magazine responded saying the pictures published "are a response to a public demand" and that the pictures "do not put in danger Mr. Clooney, his wife or their kids."
For Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire, it's always hunting season. Ahh ... the single life!Leo and Tobey partied aboard a yacht in St. Tropez with a few hot chicks ... days after Leo raised about $40 million for his foundation benefiting wildlife protection.Leo did some quick work ... pouncing on a brunette who apparently needed some sorta mouth-to-mouth treatment. Tobey perfected his role as wingman chatting up a couple bikini-clad beauties.Gotta give it up for Tobey though ... taking 2 for the team!
Allen Iverson tested his luck in Chicago this week ... hitting up a local casino while his BIG3 team was in town for a game.The Answer posted up at the roulette table at the Rivers Casino on Thursday -- where witnesses say he was flanked by private security during his gambling run.No word on how much he was betting. We're told he was drinking water.A.I. has a penchant for the casinos -- he was spotted at the SugarHouse Casino in Philly earlier this month while the BIG3 was there.There have been reports over the years that Iverson has a gambling problem -- but he's publicly denied that.
R. Kelly is finally showing his face -- sort of -- to deny rumors he's running a 'sex cult' in his homes, and he's clearly concerned about his bottom line.Kelly recorded a video message, telling fans, "Despite all of the crap y'all hearing I will be coming to the East Coast to do my show." He has 3 straight nights of concerts, starting Friday night in Virginia Beach.It's the first time Kelly's been seen since the family of Joycelyn Savage, one of his girlfriends, came forward to claim the singer was holding their daughter and other women against their will. As we first reported Joycelyn denied, on camera, she's Kelly's captive.Two things about Kelly's new video: it sounds like he's trying to ensure the allegations don't hurt ticket sales.And also ... he desperately needs a better camera. And lighting.
Drake's thirsty burglar amped things up with her latest attempt to enter his Hidden Hills mansion ... going off on cops and getting her ass pepper sprayed.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... the 24-year-old woman -- who previously got busted sipping Sprite in Drizzy's mansion -- returned Thursday morning, and told security she was on the list. The attempted Jedi mind trick didn't work, and when a guard told her to beat it ... she refused.Things went south quick when cops arrived -- we're told she spit at 3 deputies. When she tried to reload her saliva ... cops blasted her with pepper spray, and arrested her for trespassing and assault on a police officer.Drake wasn't home at the time ... same as her April arrest in his bedroom. As we reported, Drake's peeps contacted the L.A. County D.A. to get them to cut her a break.
Prince Harry turned into a suburban dad struggling to get a bunch of hyper kids to listen to him -- but at least it was just for a day ... and for charity.Harry was coaching a handball match for toddlers at an East London charity event. Most of the kids didn't seem to pay much attention to the Prince -- in other words ... he's ready to coach youth soccer in America.The charity's called Fit and Fed and is similar to Michelle Obama's Let's Move program, promoting nutrition and an active lifestyle for kids.Harry was pretty patient with these tots though -- maybe a career change?
Floyd Mayweather's ex-GF is FURIOUS at Conor McGregor over a "trolling" stunt that mocked her domestic violence incident with Floyd ... saying he's shamelessly profiting from her pain.The woman is Josie Harris -- who Floyd was convicted of attacking during a 2010 domestic violence incident at the boxer's Vegas home in front of their 3 kids. Mayweather spent 2 months behind bars for the attack.McGregor "trolled" Floyd over the incident last week by wearing an NBA jersey of C.J. Watson -- the man Floyd accused Josie of secretly texting in 2010, which led to the violent altercation.Josie wasn't laughing when she saw Conor's stunt -- and claims CM's doing nothing more than exploiting her trauma to promote his superfight with Floyd next month."[The stunt] demonstrates not only an insensitivity toward the emotional wellbeing and privacy of the victim of Mayweather’s dom. violence, but also a general disregard for the physical and emotional trauma and long-lasting psychological impacts suffered by victims of dom. abuse," Josie's attorney, Dan Friedlander, tells TMZ Sports."On behalf of Josie Harris, her and Mayweather’s three children, and all victims of domestic violence, we ask that Conor McGregor refrain from capitalizing off of the trauma suffered by her and other victims of domestic abuse."
Marty Sklar, legendary Imagineer and designer of Disney parks, died Thursday at his home in the Hollywood Hills.Sklar was one of the company's last remaining links to Walt Disney. He started with Disney in 1955 and helped Walt market Disney World and Epcot Center. He went on to become the Mouse House's top Imagineer -- supervising the design of its parks in Paris, Tokyo and Shanghai.He officially retired in 2009 as an Imagineering ambassador and, officially ... a Disney Legend.Sklar was 83.
The hair salon co-owned by Caroline Manzo's daughter narrowly escaped going up in flames when an electrical fire broke out in the basement ... TMZ has learned.Lauren Manzo's Westchester, NY branch of Full Blown -- co-owned with her pal, Lia Cagliostro -- filled with heavy black smoke last weekend while customers were mid-styling. Lia tells us the only warning they had was flickering lights. She thought it was just a blown fuse, but then everything went dark in the smoke cloud.Firefighters battled for hours, and everyone got out safely. The salon itself wasn't as lucky -- even though firefighters beat back flames, there was severe water damage from fire hoses. Lia says they had to trash all their hairdryers, brushes and clips ... which reeked of smoke.The building still doesn't have power, and will need rewiring, but they're planning to reopen next week.
Amy Schumer's gladly hanging on to her past, and to a couple old co-workers from back in her days waiting tables at Michael Jordan's famous restaurant.Amy went back to Jordan's The Steak House Thursday in NYC ... where she used to be a server back in '04. These days Amy's hauling in a little more than she did then -- $37.5 mil in 2017, according to Forbes.But she was still down to reminisce with Milton and Edgar -- who she worked with back then. Amy also posed with Eddie, who's now a service manager.We're told Amy called in advance to order and pay for her meal -- filet mignon with a side of creamed spinach. Eddie hooked up Amy in MJ's private dining room.And yeah, Amy paid it forward ... leaving an $80 cash tip on her $67 lunch tab.


Torrei Hart has some advice for Amber Rose -- who daringly declared people from South Philly aren't "traditionally attractive" -- but Torrei also has plenty of shots to take.Torrei, a Philadelphia native herself, ripped Amber for setting a bad example for young women who look up to her. Amber caught heat for her "Drink Champs" interview with N.O.R.E. ... because she said it was a blessing and a curse to grow up beautiful while surrounded by ugly people.#PressPlay: #AmberRose said she comes from a place where people "aren't traditionally attractive" and it has some people feeling some kinda way. Roomies, what y'all think?A post shared by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Jul 27, 2017 at 2:22pm PDTTorrei doesn't hold back her criticism, which included accusing Amber of using plastic surgery to attain her beauty. Still, she tried to offer a positive note or 2 about Amber. Tried.Amber has since tried to walk back her comments, claiming her words were taken out of context ... and she finds beauty in everyone.Not sure Torrei's buying what Amber's selling.Amber Rose Speaks pic.twitter.com/IH0FNjr1Cw
USC just delivered a pretty ferocious stiff-arm to O.J. Simpson.With the ex-Trojans running back expected to be released from prison in October, USC football coach Clay Helton was asked Thursday if the Heisman Trophy winner would be welcomed back to campus."Currently, right now, what the USC administration and athletic department has said is, ‘No, O.J. will not be a part of our functions or invited,'" Helton told reporters at PAC-12 media day."That’s been the statement by the university."When asked what he would say to Simpson if the 70-year-old wanted to come to a practice, Helton said -- "I'm cordial to every person that I've ever met."USC shouldn't be too worried ... Simpson will most likely keep busy continuing the search for the real killer.
Martin Landau died at UCLA Medical Center when he suffered severe internal bleeding which led to his organs shutting down.According to his death certificate, obtained by TMZ, the Hollywood icon's immediate cause of death is hypovolemic shock -- which is what happens to the body when you lose massive amounts of blood.The document also lists metabolic acidosis, intra-abdominal hemorrhage and diffuse atherosclerotic vascular disease. Translation: his organs shut down due to internal bleeding, and he also had hardening of the arteries.TMZ broke the story ... Landau died nearly 2 weeks ago at the age of 89.
Rick Ross admits he made a mistake when he said he hadn't signed female artists to his label because he'd "end up f***ing" them.Renzel issued an apology Thursday, backpedaling from his comments on the 'Breakfast Club' this week. If you missed it, Rick said, "I always thought, like, ‘I would end up f***ing a female rapper and f***ing the business up."He now says the remark was "A mistake I regret. I hope to use my mistake, my platform and the community to create positive discussion to implement change on a very important issue. Respect for the ones who stand up to say hey that isn't right."Rick added in his apology ... he has respect for women in the music industry and looks forward to working with and supporting female artists.As for whether he'll sign women to Maybach Music Group -- "Many of the most talented artists you'll see in the running to be the next #MMG superstars are female artists. I look forward to clarifying my comments through my support."Before his mea culpa ... Da Brat joined us on TMZ Live to set the record straight with Rick about the proper way to handle female artists. Take notes, Boss!
Police quickly informed Venus Williams she was "at fault" in her fatal car accident, but also explained why she wasn't being cited -- namely that she got "caught in the middle."Palm Beach Gardens PD released the full bodycam footage from officers on the scene of the June 9 accident. One officer approached Venus and asked her to describe what happened.She was totally upfront with the officer ... explaining how she had entered the intersection, but stopped when another vehicle made a left in front of her.The cop told Venus he believed she had violated the right of way of Jerome and Linda Barson -- the couple who T-boned her -- but she would not be getting a ticket. The explanation? "I think you got stuck in the middle of the intersection. It's one of those situations where you had the right way, but you lost the right of way."His advice to Venus ... let the insurance companies sort it all out.The bodycam footage also includes the Barsons sitting in their Hyundai, waiting for treatment. Their airbags had deployed and they were clearly shaken up. As we reported ... Linda suffered several broken bones, while her 78-year-old husband, Jerome, was hospitalized for 2 weeks before he died from his injuries.
Venus Williams' ﻿car crash was a bloody, chaotic scene ... according to frantic 911 callers.TMZ obtained the audio, and one witness emotionally described the accident with glass everywhere, and at least one person, Jerome Barson, left badly bleeding from his arm and leg. He died 2 weeks later from his injuries.The caller also says Venus was able to get out of her car and walk, while Jerome and his wife, Linda were badly injured and unable to exit their vehicle. She eventually recognizes Venus, and says "she was unfortunately at fault."As we first reported ... the attorney for the Barson estate -- which is suing Venus for wrongful death -- says vehicle data from Venus' SUV shows she went from 0 to 19.9 MPH in about 4.2 seconds as she tried to clear the intersection.Cops on the scene said Venus was at fault in the accident, but did not cite her -- as seen in body cam footage.
TMZ has learned ... shortly after Brandi filed her motion, Joanna submitted her records to the judge, who is now reviewing them.Brandi Glanville's had it with Joanna Krupa refusing to turn over medical records ... so she's asking the judge to toss out the smelly vagina lawsuit.Brandi filed docs saying the court ordered Joanna back in January to hand over her gynecological records but Joanna hasn't done it yet ... and Brandi says she's had more than enough time.It's interesting ... Joanna also filed docs with a list of witnesses for the case and it reads like a Bravo reunion -- Lisa Vanderpump, Mohamed Hadid, Andy Cohen -- sprinkled with a couple other characters -- Mark Consuelos and Howard Stern.
Justin Bieber won't complain about one part of his life on the road -- it forced him to grow incredibly close to his pastor, Carl Lentz ... so much so, he now sees him as a 2nd father.Sources close to Hillsong Church tell TMZ ... Lentz stepped up big-time as a guiding presence in Justin's life, especially while he was on the road and overseas. We're told Justin was lonely during most of the Purpose tour -- he's been estranged from his mother, and likewise, had no relationship with his dad, Jeremy, for some time now.On the flip side, Lentz flew to visit Justin often -- particularly during his Australia and New Zealand tour stops in March, then they kicked it again during his April break in NYC ... where Pastor Carl primarily preaches.Interestingly, sources at the church tell us Justin and Carl have spent almost every day together within the last month, and one source described them as "nearly inseparable." As we reported, Justin also views Hillsong as an escape from his celebrity life.His fondness for Carl, and vice versa, is obvious in a Hillsong Church video posted a few days ago.
3:00 PM PT ﻿-- A company spokesperson has just responded to the PRN lawsuit, telling TMZ, "These claims are entirely meritless and completely ridiculous. We will vigorously defend ourselves with regard to this matter."There's a fortune teller in "Grand Theft Auto: Vice City" that looks and sounds WAY too much like the late TV psychic Miss Cleo ... at least according to Miss Cleo's estate which just sued the game makers.Psychic Readers Network -- which holds the rights to Miss Cleo -- just filed suit against Rockstar Games and others who helped make and distribute the 'GTA' classic ... for allegedly jacking her image and Jamaican accent and slapping it on their character, Auntie Poulet.In the suit, obtained by TMZ, PRN claims it's spent well over $100 million creating and promoting Miss Cleo's persona over the years, and that Rockstar and co. have gone on to make more than $500 mil exploiting it's character.They also say Rockstar even hired the actress who used to play Miss Cleo in real life, Youree Harris, and had her voice the character of Auntie Poulet, which is true. We broke the story ... Harris died from cancer last July.One funny thing about this ... 'Vice City' came out like 15 years ago -- but PRN says Rockstar continues to make money off the game due to reissues and bundle 'GTA' packages that are being sold to this day.We've reached out to Rockstar for comment ... so far, no word back.
Here's proof your friends don't ever let you live anything down ... the OKC Thunder taking shots at Andre Roberson and his (non?) tipping habits after a dinner out in L.A.Remember, Roberson found himself in a public tipping scandal a couple weeks back, when a server claims the $30 million man bricked his gratuity ... leaving a $14 tip on a nearly $500 check.The guys were out at Catch last night, and by the guys we mean the WHOLE DAMN SQUAD basically, including Russell Westbrook, Steven Adams, Enes Kanter, and Kyle Singler.Of course we had to ask who paid, which the bros wouldn't tell us, but Kanter did take the time to (jokingly) call out Dre, for his end of the night courtesy.
Wanda Sykes doesn't think transgender soldiers in the military are a problem, she thinks the guy taking away transgender soldiers' rights to be in the military is the real problem.Sykes, like many Americans, ain't happy with President Trump's decision Wednesday to boot all transgender soldiers, especially because she thinks most trans soldiers are braver than Trump ... who's never served in the armed forces.
The wisest part of getting your wisdom teeth removed is having someone record you when you're coming down off the drugs ... and Simone Biles knows it!The Team USA Olympic gymnast hit the oral surgeon's office -- and after the procedure, she was OUT HER DAMN MIND!At one point, Biles thought she was driving a truck -- and even honked the imaginary horn!Good news ... she's fine now and even joked about it on social media."Hope yall get a good laugh!!"
Justin Bieber's accident with a photographer was, of course, captured on camera by the photog ... and we just got the intense footage.You can see and hear the accident from the pap's view -- and you also see how Justin sprung out of the truck and ran around to check on the guy. The camera was still rolling as Justin knelt down and repeatedly asked, "Is there anything we can do to help you?"Few moments of conflict too -- Justin was upset other photogs continued rolling, instead of helping the guy who'd been hit ... who, by the way, sounded very appreciative of Justin's concern.You can hear him say, "I always liked you man. You're a good guy. It was just bad timing."
Life after the Kardashians -- it does exist -- looked pretty smooth for Blac Chyna and Lamar Odom Wednesday night in Bev Hills.Rob and Khloe's exes were hanging together at the iGo.Live app launch event. Tyga was there too, but opted out of the reunion pic.Chyna started dating Rob shortly after Lamar's near-fatal overdose. Lamar and Khloe had called it quits long before that so it's unclear how often BC and LO have crossed paths before.Rob and Lamar were once BFFs. We're guessing Chyna couldn't pass on the shot at her ex photo op.
Venus Williams was told moments after another car T-boned her that she was "at fault" for the accident ... this according to the police bodycam footage obtained by TMZ Sports.The video was recorded in the moments after the June 9 accident that left Jerome and Linda Barson severely injured. Jerome eventually died from his injuries. The officer on scene has clearly spoken to witnesses and is now sharing information about the accident with fellow officers ... and says "I will find her at fault" ... referring to Venus.And then he walks up to Venus' SUV -- she's still sitting in the driver's seat -- and explains that from the time she entered the intersection and stopped -- for opposing traffic -- the light changed, "and he had a green light, so you kind of violated his right of way."For some reason ... shortly thereafter the officer says, "I don't feel comfortable citing [Venus] for it."Full disclosure -- the bodycam footage appears to be edited in places. The source that provided the video says that was done to avoid showing any injuries to people involved in the accident.Ultimately, the officer's take on what happened won't determine who was at fault in the wrongful death lawsuit filed by Jerome Barson's estate. A jury would also consider the surveillance video, black box data from both vehicles and other factors.As we first reported ... the Barsons' attorney says data from Venus' SUV shows she accelerated from nearly zero to 19.9 MPH in 4.2 seconds as she attempted to clear the intersection.Venus was in Washington, D.C. Wednesday, but still very tight-lipped.
Justin Bieber accidentally ran over a photographer as he left a church service in Beverly Hills ... and the loud impact was captured on camera.Justin was leaving the Saban Theater, where he'd been worshipping at a City Church event. He climbed into his monster pickup truck as photogs scrambled around the vehicle, and when he gunned it to pull away ... hit the man. It's pretty clear in the video ... Justin's front right side tire hits, or rolls over, the paparazzo.Justin did not flee the scene and, in fact, stopped as soon as other photogs pointed out what had happened. Bieber stayed right by the man's side for roughly 8 to 10 minutes until paramedics and police arrived.Justin spoke to police before he was allowed to leave the scene -- police tell TMZ he was not cited -- getting a ride from one friend, while another drove his truck.Police say the photog suffered non-life threatening injuries to his lower body.A few hours after he was taken to the hospital ... he posted a video describing the accident, and thanking Justin for being "compassionate."
Z-Ro brandished a handgun throughout his prolonged assault of his ex-girlfriend, and repeatedly made death threats against her ... according to cops.In the police report, Just Brittany says she and Z-Ro had planned to meet at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse in Houston on April 29, but the restaurant was closed. Instead, she says Z-Ro told her to come over to his place and, after a brief convo about the failed dinner date ... the beating began.According to the report, Z-Ro slapped, punched and dragged her around his house while holding a pistol. Brittany told police, roughly 90 minutes into the assault ... she got sick and vomited. She asked Z-Ro for permission to use the bathroom. Once she was in there, she grabbed her mobile phone and started recording.When she walked out ... the beating and verbal abuse continued. In the report, she says Z-Ro told her, "You're dead." Brittany asked why he'd pushed her, and demanded ... "Get you f**king hands from around my neck!"According to cops, the audio recording continued for about 21 minutes.TMZ broke the story ... Z-Ro was arrested for felony aggravated assault. He's been ordered to stay 200 feet away from her. He was released after posting a $50,000 bond.#BREAKING: #Houston rapper Z-Ro arrives to court after accusations he beat his ex-girlfriend. @KPRC2 #kprc2 pic.twitter.com/scsaB2jWV9
The moment an Ohio State Fair ride turned deadly in a horrific accident -- which hurled riders through the air -- was captured on video.At least 1 person died Wednesday night and seven others were injured when part of the Fire Ball ride broke off its hinges ... violently ejected people from their seats and sent them flying to the ground.pic.twitter.com/KgCCDYHrQFOfficials said the fair will be open Thursday, but no rides will be running until they're deemed safe.
Moose and Squirrel very sad ... June Foray, the voice of Rocky, and also Natasha Fatale, died Wednesday.A close friend of June's confirmed her death with a post on Facebook, saying ... "With a heavy heart again I want to let you all know that we lost our little June today at 99 years old."June was a legendary voice actress, working in Hollywood for more than a decade before she landed "The Bullwinkle Show" roles in the late 1950s. She worked steadily on tons of animated TV shows and feature films -- more than 300 credits -- right up until 2014.She won a Daytime Emmy in 2012 for "The Garfield Show" and a Grammy in 1968 for her role as Cindy Lou Who in "How the Grinch Stole Christmas."
Montel Williams is PISSED that Donald Trump wants to ban transgender Americans from serving in the military ... and says they're getting stiffed with his "too expensive" argument.We got Montel, famously a Navy veteran, Wednesday in L.A. and he absolutely unloaded on the Prez for what he sees as blatant discrimination against able-bodied Americans who want to protect their country.He's beyond intense, and one of the biggest reasons he's so fired up has to do with military spending on erectile dysfunction drugs. Montel dropped some eye-opening numbers on us as he called BS on Trump claiming trans medical expenses are too costly.
Before he hits the MMA gym, Wiz Khalifa hits the bong ... or the joint or the vaporizer or whatever else gets him high on weed.The rapper/extreme pot enthusiast was leaving Warwick in Hollywood Wednesday night when we asked if he took a break from the green stuff when he gets in fight mode."I smoke every day," Wiz said ... "It's good for you."As we previously reported, Wiz has been getting pretty serious about MMA training -- working with real deal UFC stars at Jay Glazer's Unbreakable Gym in L.A. for the past several months.
Chester Bennington's family wants to keep his funeral a close family and friends affair.Sources close to the late Linkin Park frontman tell TMZ ... the family wants to keep the memorial intimate -- and while they're aware fans want to pay their respects ... the plan, for now, is a private ceremony. We're told the family just hasn't figured out how to give fans their moment to honor Chester.As for Chester's final resting place -- we're told the family's not jumping at the offer to take the plot next to Chris Cornell at Hollywood Forever Cemetery because it's in such a public space.
The couple that sings together, blings together ... if you're Offset and Cardi B.TMZ has learned the Migos rapper dropped 6 bands on his girl's new chain, which is blanketed in diamonds ... right down to the digits.We're told Cardi was a huge fan of Offset's recently purchased pieces, including his $100k raindrop pendant, so about a month ago they hit up his guys at Avianne & Co Jewelers in NYC.Cardi wanted something original so she handled the design and had him replicate her ILY hand gesture. Dip the whole thing in 20 karats of diamonds, plus 15 more karats on the chain and BAM!Nice icy teamwork.
This is the student becoming the master -- we got video of Drake in studio with up-and-coming singer Tone Stith ... who's trying to kill it on the road, just like Drizzy does.Drake met up with the 22-year-old singer Monday during a rehearsal in Houston. You can see Champagne Papi dropping some wisdom. Tone recently dropped his debut album, "Can We Talk,"  and starts a 40-city tour this week with August Alsina.The 2 men have a lot in common. Jas Prince,  the music mogul who discovered Drake, already signed Tone ... and he's the one who set up Monday's meeting.Tone also got a big social media bump when Drake posted video of Tone covering "Madiba Ridim."Lil Wayne once took Drake under his wing. Wonder how Tone feels about a Drake tattoo?


William Shatner had a buck of a scare when his horse got spooked, and tossed him from the cart it was pulling.Shatner was participating in a horse and buggy competition Wednesday at the Mercer County Fair & Horse Show in Harrodsburg, KY ... where he was entered on the amateur level.As he turns a corner on the track, the horse suddenly reared up for seemingly no reason. The cart, called a sulky, Shatner was in flipped and he ate it. Sources at the event tell us Capt. Kirk and his steed were both uninjured. Bill didn't need medical attention, and even with the spill, took 1st place!As a young star fleet Capt. once said ... hang on tight and survive, and then win.
8:10 PM PT -- MJ's estate says the judgment is "too much" and "unfair to Michael Jackson's heirs."Attorneys Howard Weitzman and Zia Modabber tell TMZ, "While the jury denied Quincy Jones $21 million –- or more than two-thirds of what he demanded -- we still believe that giving him millions of dollars that he has no right to receive under his contracts is wrong.""This would reinterpret the legal language in, and effectively rewrite, contracts that Mr. Jones lived under for more than three decades, admitted he never read, referred to as 'contract, montract,' and told the jurors he didn't 'give a damn' about.""Any amount above and beyond what is called for in his contracts is too much and unfair to Michael’s heirs. Although Mr. Jones is portraying this as a victory for artists’ rights, the real artist is Michael Jackson and it is his money Mr. Jones is seeking."Weitzman added, "Mr. Jones says it's not about the money, but it's ALL about the money."Quincy Jones suddenly has 9.4 million reasons to go off the wall ... after scoring a victory over MJJ Productions and Sony.The jury handed down its thriller of a decision Wednesday in Quincy's legal battle for unpaid royalties on Michael Jackson's three mega hit albums. Quincy argued accountants for the defendants screwed him out of dough he was owed for producing those records.He was asking for around $30 million, so he didn't get exactly what he wanted -- but still not a bad payday.After the verdict, Quincy said, "This lawsuit was never about Michael, it was about protecting the integrity of the work we all did in the recording studio. I view it not only as a victory for myself personally, but for artists' rights overall."You can say this about Q -- he really didn't stop until he got enough.
Kim Goldman, sister of Ron Goldman -- who was killed by O.J. Simpson -- is so terrified of her ex-husband's threats and attacks on Ron's name ... she's demanding court protection.Kim divorced Michael Hahn in 2007, but says he's emotionally abused her ever since. In court docs, obtained by TMZ, Goldman says Hahn has sent her a series of threatening emails over the years -- even invoking her late brother, Ron, and father Fred.According to Kim, one particularly violent text said, "Your not a victim. Your a piece of shit that will burn in hell next to your scum bag brother who got what he deserved."
Rapper Z-RO was arrested after allegedly beating his ex-gf in an assault that lasted over 2 hours ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... the ex, rapper Just Brittany, reported the incident Monday to Harris County cops, but said it actually happened back in April. It's unclear why she waited 3 months to report it, but we're told Brittany played cops recorded audio of the alleged incident.Sources say cops wrote up a report and immediately sent it to the Harris County District Attorney's Office, which determined it was enough to arrest the Houston icon Wednesday and charge him with felony aggravated assault. He's being held without bond.Just last year, the couple recorded the now interestingly titled track, "Mama Should've Told Me."
Marcia Clark says O.J. Simpson has served his time ... once, anyway, out of 3 huge court cases -- but she's not exactly welcoming him back to society.We got the famed former L.A. Deputy District Attorney -- who prosecuted O.J. in the double murder trial -- and asked what she thought of him getting paroled for the 2008 armed robbery conviction.Marcia bit her tongue, hard, at first -- but eventually opened up about whether she thinks Simpson is square with the law after 9 years in prison.Let's just say she takes things on a case by case basis.
Reps in the gym can make you healthy, but so can good food and champagne, according to Diddy's ex, Kim Porter, who says he's the picture of health.Diddy suffered some dad bod shaming when pics of him on a yacht surfaced last week, but his ex is flipping a switch saying the haters got the images all twisted -- they just don't recognize the good life when they see it.Kim, who has 3 kids with Diddy, also says this particular dad's outgrown the need for a 6-pack to impress chicks. He's got $820 mil, after all.
Young Buck is trying to clear his name when it comes to the vandalism and domestic violence charges that led him to surrender to cops in Nashville.The G-Unit rapper turned himself in last week after an arrest warrant was issued stemming from a 2016 altercation with his girlfriend where he allegedly kicked in the door at his home.We spoke to Young Buck a week after he sprung himself on a $10k bond, and while he admits he might have gotten violent with the door, he says -- as a father of 4 girls -- he'd never put his hands on a woman. His real beef is with the District Attorney.
Justin Bieber's religious lifestyle is the complete opposite of his life on the road ... and that's why he chose it over the Purpose tour ... TMZ has learned.Sources at Hillsong Church tell us Justin worships in total peace, and at least feels he's treated like a regular person ... not a superstar while he's there. We're told he enjoys not being the center of attention and the feeling of community. As one source put it ... "Everyone's there to help everyone."We're told taking photos or video is frowned upon, and that's a big deal for Justin. Remember, Bieber's long complained that fans snapping pics makes him "feel like a zoo animal."As we first reported ... other church sources say JB canceled Purpose after he "rededicated his life to Christ" -- that's the "unforeseen circumstance" in the official cancellation statement.Publicly, Justin has said he just needs a break ... but we're told it's much deeper than that.
Former 'Biggest Loser﻿' host Alison Sweeney just got permanent protection against a guy who she says has been harassing her nonstop ... for the next 3 years, at least.A judge extended Alison's temporary restraining order against Jon Christopher LuVisi Wednesday after she came to court earlier this month claiming he'd been trolling her on social media endlessly for 9 months.We broke the story ... LuVisi allegedly tried extorting Alison for thousands of dollars by saying he had photos of her genitals and would send them to her husband unless she paid up. She says he also started making threats after she blocked his multiple accounts.
Snoop Dogg is all about the Cali life ... and a judge agreed -- tossing out a lawsuit against him because the other side sued him in the wrong state.You'll recall Snoop -- along with Wiz Khalifa and Live Nation -- was sued by 17 concertgoers claiming Snoop and Wiz incited a stampede after imploring fans to "bring your ass down here." The front row railing at the New Jersey concert collapsed as fans fell 10 feet onto a concrete floor.At least 40 people were hurt ... including a fan who says he suffered a fractured spine. They sued.Problem is ... Snoop's side argued he lives in Cali -- not Pennsylvania where the suit was filed -- so he has no business being caught up in this legal mess. The judge said fo shizzle -- clearing Snoop from the suit.Wiz and Live Nation are still fighting the suit.
"American Idol" is getting closer to assembling a full squad -- the show's zeroing in on finalists to join Katy Perry on the judges' panel.'Idol' sources tell TMZ ... Lionel Richie's still a favorite to fill one of the 2 remaining seats, and singer Charlie Puth has emerged as a front-runner for the other one. We're told show execs will meet with ABC this week to finalize their choices and make offers.There could be a country curveball, though ... our sources say Luke Bryan is in the mix because he impressed producers in early discussions. Also, if things don't work out with 2 of those 3 ... we're told Keith Urban is an 'Idol' vet who could slide in as an alternate.Katy and Ryan are anxiously waiting to see who joins 'em.
Retired Navy SEAL Kristin Beck has 3 letters for President Trump's ban on transgender people serving in the U.S. military ... "WTF!"Beck, a transgender woman and former SEAL Team Six soldier, told us Trump pinning the ban on money woes is complete BS ... and a lame excuse from the Commander in Chief.More importantly ... she sees this as a major step backward for the country. In particular, she took Trump's use of the word "disruption" as a strong hint this could be the start of more discrimination in the military.Bottom line for Beck -- transgender Americans have every right to serve their country. The documentary, "Lady Valor," showed how she served with great honor.
Julio Jones has a big problem -- he lost a $150,000 diamond earring during a jet ski ride at Lake Lanier this week ... so he's hired a full DIVE TEAM to hunt it down!!The ATL Falcons wide receiver told WXIA-TV he noticed he lost the earring after he fell off the ski -- but didn't want to just walk away without making a real, solid effort to find it.The dive team jumped in the water on Tuesday evening -- scouring the 65-foot deep water. So far, no luck.Jones seems shockingly calm about the whole thing ... probably because he's in the middle of a $71 million contract.
Steve Jobs' widow brought her best accessories to Croatia -- her daughter, hot bf and Steve's yacht.Laurene Powell hit up the historic city of Dubrovnik in southern Croatia flanked by 19-year-old daughter Eve and bf Adrian Fenty ... the former mayor of D.C.Docked not far off the coast was the 256-foot, $100 mil yacht, Venus ... commissioned by the late Apple founder back in 2008. He never got to enjoy it -- Steve died a year before it was finished in 2012.Laurene will take it from here ...
Justin Bieber's refusing to say sorry to the couple hundred people suddenly out of work due to him ending his Purpose tour -- because as he sees it, that's someone else's responsibility.As Justin was leaving BOA Steakhouse on Sunset Tuesday night -- with his pal, Patrick Schwarzenegger, driving -- he was asked if he had any message for his tour crew. As TMZ first reported ... they're pissed because they never got a heads-up Bieber was pulling the plug and leaving them high and dry.Bieber was shockingly defiant, and explained the difference -- in his eyes -- between tour crew and his personal staffers.
The green umbrella Britney Spears unleashed on a paparazzo after shaving her head in 2007 is hitting the auction block ... and at a decent price, if you've got thousands of dollars laying around.Daniel Ramos, the pap whose car Britney clubbed with the thing, says he's ready to part with the piece of pop culture history since he thinks Brit Brit's in a good place. Plus he's making a movie and needs the dough. He has floated the idea of the sale in the past, and now it looks like he's ready to make the move.He had it on him when we ran into him at LAX Tuesday, and it looked to be in good shape although Ramos wouldn't recommend it being used in the rain. The umbrella is listed online with RR Auction and hits the block August 10th.As for how much it could fetch, Ramos is thinking in the $50k ballpark, and has a favored spot for it to land.
Justin Bieber's "purpose" in life does not seem to be music anymore -- it's all about his "spiritual awakening" courtesy of the Hillsong Church and its leader, in particular ... sources connected with the church tell TMZ.Multiple sources familiar with the situation tell us, Justin's decision to abruptly cancel his Purpose Tour is rooted in his relationship with church pastor Carl Lentz. As we reported, we're told Lentz did not advocate canceling the tour. In fact we're told he recommended the opposite.That said, our sources say Bieber's relationship with Lentz has been "intense" and the church leader has increasingly influenced the singer in making life decisions.As one source put it, "The church didn't tell Justin to cancel the tour. He made his decision based on spiritual soul-searching and his own view of the path in life he should be taking."The way it was put to us, Bieber processed the endless conversations he has had with Lentz and used them to make the decision. It's unclear whether canceling the tour is a one-off or whether Bieber is so down the road with the church that he will close the book on his music career.Justin and Carl had were spotted having a casual chat Tuesday afternoon behind Mastro's in Bev Hills. As one source put it, "he's becoming the Tom Cruise of that church."
President Trump says transgender recruits are too expensive for the U.S. military, and that's why he's banning them from serving their country ... in any capacity.Trump dropped the announcement Wednesday morning on Twitter, of course, saying transgender individuals are banned from serving because it "cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail."It's not the first time he's gone after the transgender community. Back in February ... the Trump administration withdrew federal protection for transgender students.The Prez championed himself as a supporter of the LGBT community ... saying he would fight for them while "Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs."
Cavaliers superstar Kyrie Irving arrived at his reported decision to ask out of Cleveland the same way Justin Bieber chose to end his tour -- through long chats with pastor Carl Lentz of Hillsong Church ... TMZ Sports has learned.Church sources tell us Kyrie, who's been an active member for a long time, met with Lentz earlier this month about his desires to step out of LeBron James' shadow. We're told Lentz didn't tell Kyrie to "leave Cleveland" -- instead he listened to Kyrie's concerns, and encouraged him to make the decision he felt was best.There's a reason it sounds so similar to Justin's Purpose tour shocker -- Bieber, Lentz and Irving all hung out together in L.A. just over a week ago. You could say they were on Kyrie's turf ... playing pop-a-shot at Dave & Buster's.We're told Kyrie and Carl have been close for years, but Justin and the NBA star are more like acquaintances.NBA fans have been baffled as to why Kyrie would want to leave a team that's been to the NBA Finals 3 years straight. Now we know -- it's God-approved.
Les Moonves has as much interest in landing the first O.J. Simpson interview as he does in having his tongue nailed to a table -- ZERO.The CBS honcho was leaving Craig's Tuesday night when we asked if he's gunning for that first sit-down after Simpson's released from prison. He'll be out on parole as early as October 1, and it's anticipated he could get as much as $1 million for the interview.
Chester Bennington's death investigation has turned up no obvious signs of drug use ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources tell us investigators found no illegal drugs or prescription drugs while searching the home following Chester's suicide. As we reported ... there was a partially drunk bottle of alcohol in the bedroom where he was found hanging.The Linkin Park frontman was open about his drug abuse issues -- acid, meth, crack and more. His bandmates were well aware of his demons, and he credited his bandmates for staging an intervention.It's unclear if Chester had any drugs in his system at the time of death. Toxicology results are pending.
Venus Williams accelerated from 0 to almost 20 MPH in about 4 seconds as she pulled through the intersection where she had a fatal accident ... according to the attorney for the victims' family.Michael Steinger, who reps the estate of Jerome Barson﻿ -- the man who died -- tells TMZ Sports his team obtained the black box data Tuesday from Venus' SUV. He says it shows she was traveling at 19.9 MPH when Jerome and his wife T-boned her.He also says the numbers show Venus got up to that speed in 4.2 seconds. His take on the data -- Venus probably "looked up, saw the red light and gunned it."Remember, the surveillance video shows Venus start into the intersection, but stop to allow another vehicle to turn left in front of her. Up to now, we only knew Venus told cops she was doing about 5 MPH as she started into the intersection. The police report also put the Barson's Hyundai at 25 MPH.If, as Steinger says, Venus was doing 20 MPH after the light had changed, the obvious question becomes -- was she reckless in her attempt to clear the intersection?
Lil Wayne was completely caught off guard by Drake's new tat honoring him when his prodigy sent him a photo of it ... 5 months ago!!!That's right ... Drake's new arm ink went unnoticed for almost a half a year, at least to the general populous. We're told Drizzy got it while overseas and sent Wayne a pic when it was done, and Wayne was beyond floored and honored, since loyalty's a big deal with him.The tat's on Drake's tricep, so it's covered by the average t-shirt, which explains why no one picked up on it sooner.As for returning the favor, no word yet on that ... space on Lil Wayne's already heavily tatted bod is pretty limited.
Chumlee's done partying his ass off ... in one spot anyway -- the infamous Vegas home where cops once found guns and weed is on the market.The "Pawn Stars" cast member listed his 5 bedroom, 6 bathroom pad for a whopping $1,849,900. It's a sweet deal if he gets his asking price -- he bought it 5 years ago for $1.1 mil.The 6,206 square foot pad has a pool, spa and guest house. It's really a bachelor's paradise where Chumlee famously partied hard ... until cops searched the house in March 2016 and found more than 120 grams of weed and 12 guns. He eventually got off with 3 years probation.Kyle Gluhm from Realty ONE Group is listing the home, which includes the "Chum Chum" room ... stripper pole included. Strippers NOT included, we're guessing.


Kate Hudson has pulled a G.I. Jane (and countless other badass Hollywood heroines) by completely shaving her famous golden locks ... and like all of them, she looks great.Kate was seen on set Tuesday in L.A. for a new flick she's working on with Sia, and she's rocking a new shaved 'do for the role.Gotta say, as well as she wears it ... we almost didn't recognize her here at first.Going bald seems to be back in style in Tinseltown. Cara Delevingne recently did the same for a movie, as did Kristen Stewart and, of course, Millie Bobby Brown for her role as Eleven in "Stranger Things."Keep on buzzing, ladies.
6:53 PM PT -- Sources connected to Kim's makeup line tell us she consulted several veteran trademark attorneys when launching her KKW line to ensure there were no violations. Nevertheless, we're told her team is confident KKW Beauty in no way infringes on Weiss' KW brand ... nor do they feel the lines are similar.Kim Kardashianhas no right to her own initials ... in the cosmetics world, anyway ... according to the Danish makeup artist who's now suing her.If you're into makeup you probably know the name Kirsten Kjaer Weiss. She says she's a famous makeup artist, and her line of KW cosmetics and makeup services are hot sellers around the world. According to docs, obtained by TMZ, Kirsten says Kim K's cosmetics logo is confusing consumers. She says the problem is Kim's products bear the 'KKW' logo ... far too similar to Kirsten's 'KW.'In the suit, Kirsten says Kim's infringement is "knowing, willing and deliberate" -- and it's intended to dupe customers and screw with Kirsten's bottom line.
Justin Bieber is publicly denying religion played a role in him abruptly pulling the plug on his Purpose tour with just 14 shows to go.Biebs was grabbing lunch Tuesday in Bev Hills when a pap asked about the sudden decision to quit. Justin seemed perplexed at the suggestion it had anything to do with his spirituality.As TMZ first reported ... multiples sources connected with Hillsong Church, which Justin attends regularly, say he absolutely canceled the tour because he's "rededicated his life to Christ."Justin claims he already told us what's wrong ... when he said he just needed to rest after 2 years on the road.
Three deadly king cobras were illegally shipped into the country under cover of U.S. postage stamps and potato chips.Federal agents arrested a California man for smuggling the killer reptiles using the U.S. Postal Service back in March. The snakes were discovered by Customs and Border Protection agents who inspected the package and discovered the 2 foot long cobras -- each in its own potato chip canister. The cobras can grow up to 18 feet long. On the non-lethal side ... he also allegedly smuggled 9 turtles.Feds say the man admitted similarly smuggling TWENTY other king cobras in 2 prior shipments ... but they were all DOA.The sssuspect was charged Tuesday with one count of illegal importing and faces up to 20 years in prison.As for the 3 cobras -- we're told 2 are in the San Diego Zoo, and the other is getting snake charmed ... by God. It died.
One of the girls who got switched at birth on TV has asked a judge to switch her relationship status in real life ... Katie Leclerc wants a divorce.The "Switched at Birth" star, who plays Daphne Vasquez on the show, filed court docs last week against her husband, Brian Habecost.In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Katie is asking the court to put the kibosh on any requests from Brian for spousal support.
Michael Phelps isn't taking a shred of blame for viewers' disappointment over him not racing an actual great white shark, and says he stands by the "incredible" made-for-TV event.The 23-time Olympic gold medal winner opened himself up to his critics on Facebook and addressed the backlash from his Discovery Channel special. You'll recall, no doubt, Phelps lost to the shark ... but it was a CGI shark.Phelps claims everyone involved in the man vs. beast production made it very clear what the "race" would entail, but people chose not to listen and now they're hatin' ... which he calls "shocking."Speaking of shocking -- Michael didn't race a real shark, but REALLY did swim in 53 degree water!The moment of glory for #TeamShark!!! #PhelpsVsShark #SharkWeek pic.twitter.com/NWYp1CwiRa
5:45 PM PT -- Sources close to the production of "Life of Kylie" tell TMZ the lip design in question was independently created by a third party, and Kylie herself had nothing to do with the process.Kylie Jenner is the Robin Thickeof bleeding lip art ... and one artist is so fed up with KJ's "inspired by" argument that she's taking Jenner to court.Sara Pope -- an experienced painter whose work has been featured in L.A., Japan, the UK and NYC art galleries -- says Kylie copied her "Temptation Neon" logo and used it to promote a new reality show.In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Sara says she created her most famous piece of art in 2015 -- a bright, glossy set of lips in a "lip bite" pose. She says Kylie made her own eerily similar graphic, plastered it on social media and used it to promote "Life of Kylie."Sara says Kylie's got a history of lifting other people's work ... pointing to the infamous Notorious B.I.G./Tupac Shakur t-shirt fiasco and yet another lip artist. She's suing Kylie and NBC Universal ... E!'s parent company.We've reached out to Kylie's camp and E! ... so far no word back.
Celine Dion and her backup dancer, Pepe Munoz﻿, are only inseparable onstage, because she's still a single woman ... TMZ has learned.Photos of the two hanging out together in Paris sparked rumors the singer was dating again after the death of her husband Rene Angelil. Rene died in January 2016.Our Celine sources tell us the relationship is completely platonic. Pepe's a dancer on her international summer tour, and they know each other through mutual friends in Las Vegas.Pepe also has a side hustle as a fashion illustrator, so that's why he was spotted all over Paris with her -- including at a couture fashion show. Celine's tour was rolling through town, and we're told they simply share common interests, but are only close pals.
Senator John McCain got a standing O on Capitol Hill Tuesday as he returned to vote on a health care bill that would start the process of repealing Obamacare ... this after being diagnosed with brain cancer.McCain flew into D.C. Tuesday just to vote on the controversial health bill -- which ended up passing with the help of his vote -- following his brain cancer diagnosis last week. As we reported ... he had a blood clot removed that tested positive for glioblastoma, and was resting from the procedure.McCain put the vote for the bill at 50-50, meaning Vice President Mike Pence had to issue the tie-breaking vote ... and he pushed to move it forward.
It is too late for Justin Bieber to say he's sorry to members of his tour crew ... who feel he totally let them down without the slightest hint of a warning ... according to sources close to the Purpose tour team.We're told Biebs' crew members were blindsided when they got word he was calling it quits. They claim there was no explanation given along with no heads-up ... and now around 200 people are out of work and pissed.Our sources say the crew also didn't believe Bieber when he said he needed to rest, because he just had a month off in Laguna Beach and L.A. ... and regularly played sports and partied during that downtime. As we first reported, the real reason Justin bailed is because he's dedicating himself to Christ.Still, tour members feel betrayed, and think this is more bratty behavior from Bieber, and his lack of sympathy for them is on full display.
Justin Bieber pulled the plug on his Purpose tour because he "rededicated his life to Christ" ... sources connected to Hillsong Church tell TMZ.Bieber's decision seemed to come out of the blue, but our sources say it was squarely based on what Bieber believes is religious enlightenment. Bieber said he canceled due to exhaustion, but that's simply not true. Plus, his remaining touring schedule was not taxing travel-wise.We're also told Bieber's crew is "incredibly pissed off at him" because it has impacted their financial well-being without any warning.Bieber has been virtually joined at the hip with Hillsong pastor Carl Lentz over the last few months -- including at a huge church event in Australia -- but we're told Lentz did not advocate for cancelling the tour.
2:25 PM PT -- Barson's attorney, Michael Steinger, tells TMZ he has documentation showing their 2016 Hyundai was in perfect working order. Also, he says data collected from the car's computer proves Jerome and Linda were both wearing their seat belts at the time of collision.Venus Williams says at least one of the victims in the Florida crash that left one man dead was not wearing a seat belt at the time of the accident ... this according to new court docs obtained by TMZ.The tennis star is firing back at the estate of Jerome Barson -- which is suing Williams for wrongful death, claiming she was responsible for the T-bone accident that killed the 78-year-old and seriously injured his wife.In new court docs, Williams doesn't point out which person wasn't belted in -- but says the injuries could have been reduced had they both been buckled up.As for the injuries, Williams also says in the docs Jerome's wife's injuries were NOT bad enough to recover damages in a lawsuit under FL law. It's puzzling since Linda Barson claims she suffered a cracked sternum, a shattered right arm and a broken wrist, hand and fingers.Williams also alleges the Barsons failed to adequately maintain and repair the vehicle in a safe condition -- suggesting they could have avoided the crash with a properly functioning car.There's more ... Williams points out that "third parties" -- presumably the other cars besides her and the Barsons -- contributed to the hectic scene at the intersection that led to the crash. Williams says those drivers should be held responsible as well.Video of the crash shows Venus was trying to drive through an intersection when another car turned in front of her, causing her to stop before clearing the intersection. The Barsons T-boned Venus claiming they had the right of way and couldn't avoid her car, which was stopped in an area where it shouldn't have been.The documents were first obtained by the DailyMail.
Frank Sinatra's fourth and final wife, Barbara Sinatra, has died ... almost 20 years after her famous husband passed.Barbara died Tuesday at her Rancho Mirage home in California after months of declining health ... according to a rep for her org, the Barbara Sinatra Children's Center Foundation.The rep told the Desert Sun ... "She died comfortably surrounded by family and friends at her home."Barbara married Frank in 1976 and remained his wife for nearly 22 years -- the longest of his 4 marriages. She made a name for herself as an advocate for victims of child abuse, building up her foundation with Frank's help.The Barbara Sinatra Children's Center Foundation provided counseling to child abuse victims, among other services. Barbara and Frank did not have any children together.
Lucky Whitehead was telling the TRUTH -- he was not the man arrested for shoplifting on June 22, this according to Prince William County officials who say the REAL perp was an imposter.We spoke with Commonwealth's attorney, Paul Ebert, who says the case against ex-Dallas Cowboys WR Lucky Whitehead has been dropped after an internal investigation into the arrest.Long story short ... Ebert says the man was only "verbally identified" by the arresting officer at the crime scene. The arrestee did not have I.D. on him.The man told cops he was Lucky Whitehead and gave them Lucky's information, including birthday and social security number, Ebert says.The officers ran the information through the DMV system and believed the man they had arrested matched the photo of "Lucky Whitehead" that was on file.After Lucky publicly declared his innocence, claiming he wasn't even in the state of Virgnia at the time of the arrest, officers went back and reviewed surveillance video at the convenience store. Footage showed the suspect was NOT Lucky Whitehead.Cops are now on the hunt for the man in the video.Lucky's agent, Dave Rich, tells TMZ Sports, "Lucky is thrilled justice was served and his name was cleared. It's a shame that he came into town to do a camp for kids and he ended up getting cut by his professional football team."The Prince William County Police Dept. has also issued a statement:"Upon reviewing the June 22, 2017 arrest of an individual named 'Rodney Darnell Whitehead, Jr.', the police department is confident that the man charged with petit larceny, and who is subsequently being sought on an active warrant for failure to appear in court, is not Lucky Whitehead of the Dallas Cowboys.""The man charged on the morning of June 22 was not in possession of identification at the time of the encounter; however, did verbally provide identifying information to officers, which included a name, date of birth, and social security number matching that of Rodney Darnell Whitehead, Jr.""Officers then checked this information through the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) database. The DMV photo on file was then used to compare to the man who was in custody.""Officers acted in good faith that, at the time, the man in custody was the same man matching the information provided. At this point, the police department is also confident in confirming that Mr. Whitehead’s identify was falsely provided to police during the investigation.""The police department is currently seeking the identity of the man involved in the incident. Since the identifying information provided by the arrestee during the investigation was apparently false, the police department is working with the Prince William County Commonwealth Attorney’s Office to clear Mr. Whitehead from this investigation.""The police department regrets the impact these events had on Mr. Whitehead and his family."
Mark McGrath's dropping some good ole showbiz wisdom on Justin Bieber when it comes to his now canceled world tour -- THE SHOW MUST GO ON!Sugar Ray's frontman was at Catch Monday night and was blunt about his take on Justin pulling the plug in the homestretch of his Purpose tour. Yes, it sounds a little like your dad's ... "When I was your age" speeches, but Mark's speaking from experience, and on behalf of fans.TMZ broke the story ... Justin canceled his 14 remaining shows with little explanation, other than needing some R&R.Bottom line ... Mark says that's NOT a good enough excuse.
Tinashe's petrified of an obsessed fan who traveled from Boston to L.A., because she says he thinks they're married and will ultimately end up hurting her.The singer requested and obtained a restraining order against Martin Murphy ... alleging the 25-year-old is convinced they're husband and wife. She's frightened because she says he's now trying to reinstate his Massachusetts license to carry a firearm.In docs, obtained by TMZ, Tinashe says she was alarmed to find out Murphy drove to L.A. back in June, and ended up close to her and her parents' house. She says the situation's so bad, Murphy's father is also on board with keeping him the hell away from her.
Rudy Giuliani insists he won't stab Jeff Sessions in the back for the Attorney General post -- and says President Trump should field all questions about the job ... not him.We got the former NYC mayor at Reagan National in D.C. and asked if he'd take the A.G. job if asked by his pal, the Prez. Rudy deflected like a Washington pro ... saying he doesn't answer hypothetical questions.What he didn't say was ... no.And even though Trump's labeled his current A.G. "beleaguered" and "weak" -- RG went out of his way to call Sessions a "good friend."Rapper and activist Killer Mike has different words for both men. But that's a whole other 'Oprah.'
Drake doesn't just have Lil Wayne's back ... he's got Weezy's face tattooed on his left tricep now.People started noticing the new ink over the weekend at Houston Appreciation Weekend where Champagne Papi was the main event.Drake's got several mugs on his bod already -- including one of his mom and dad, Aaliyah and 2 of Sade -- so Weezy makes sense. Drizzy's on his label, they've been tight for years and Wayne famously took Drake under his wing.Obvious question: can he make Lil Wayne smile when he flexes? That would be so dope.
Kyara, the last orca born in captivity at SeaWorld, has died at just 3 months old.The female killer whale died Monday at SeaWorld's San Antonio park from an infection, likely pneumonia. Trainers had been treating her over the weekend, but her condition continued to deteriorate.Kyara was born in April, and although the park announced the end of its breeding program back in March 2016 ... SeaWorld says she was conceived before that. Orcas are pregnant for up 18 months.The breeding program was 86'd after immense public pressure following the airing of the 2013 documentary, "Blackfish" ... which focused on the plight of Tilikum.
Forget steroids, Jose Canseco's legacy is his smoldering daughter, Josie Canseco -- who set Miami Beach on fire this week during a trip with her boyfriend, Mike Stud.The two showed some serious skin during a jet skiing session this week ... but all eyes were on Josie and the white hot bikini.The fashion model and the rapper have been dating since 2015 -- with Stud even featuring Canseco in some of his music videos.Can you blame him?
Chester Bennington bought his new family home about 2 months before he hanged himself there ... adding another layer of mystery to his death.The Linkin Park frontman bought the Palos Verdes Estates house for $2.5 million back in June. The 5 bedroom, 4 bathroom house is in an affluent part of L.A. County famous for pristine neighborhoods and an excellent public school system.Everything about the 3,956 square foot pad says family home -- special nook perfect for game night, 3 outdoor decks, an expansive backyard with a spa and swimming pool.The purchase falls in line with what Chester's LP bandmates said -- that he'd spoken excitedly about future plans. Buying the perfect place for his family, but then taking his life there a month later just doesn't add up.The Benningtons closed on the house 8 days after Chris Cornell's suicide ... leading some close friends to believe Chester's suicide decision was sudden and fueled by his grief.
Blac Chyna looks like a deuce without her old boo ... at least according to said old boo, Pilot Jones, who's using a new song for revenge.Pilot's new single, "Flossin" features the not-at-all-subtle jabs and, naturally, the music video co-stars a Blac Chyna-esque character, played by model AzMarie Livingston.In the lyrics, Pilot says he's better off without BC ... with way more colorful language. It's interesting he's attacking her this way, after accusing Chyna of bullying him to point he nearly killed himself.Pilot's clearly trying to capitalize on his Chyna drama. If there's any doubt ... check out his music vid wardrobe.
In case you need a refresher on where Gigi and Bella Hadid get their model figures from, let this photo of their mom, Yolanda, serve as your refresher.The former Dutch model was up for a sunrise swim in Lake Constance -- which borders Germany, Switzerland, and Austria -- and flaunted the incredible view. Double entendre fully intended.Yolanda -- who is 53, by the way -- has famously battled Lyme disease, and says the ice cold morning swim helps with inflammation.We're no doctors, but if it's working for her ... it's working for us.
Killer Mike says America's screwed when it comes to our Attorney General -- while Rudy Giuliani might have a slight edge on Jeff Sessions ... Mike says they both have a huge downside.There's buzz President Trump might tap his pal, the former NYC mayor, to replace Sessions if Sessions resigns or gets fired. The Run The Jewels rapper was leaving L.A. Monday when he called out both men for supporting the "war on drugs."Mike's got an issue that goes way deeper than his famed love of marijuana -- and also has a not-so-kind wish for Jeff and Rudy's bowels.
Charles Barkley says any Laker fan thinking the team will make a playoff run behind new star, Lonzo Ball, is smoking purple and gold CRACK ... telling TMZ Sports the Lake Show has ZERO CHANCE.The hype is officially here, Lonzo balled out so hard in the Summer league (winning the MVP), that a lot of fans are thinking postseason, so when we got Barkley out at LAX we asked him if it was possible."Hell no."Pretty simple. In fact, Sir Charles says in his opinion the 76ers with their young core of guys like Joel Embiid, Ben Simmons, and Markelle Fultz are waaaay better than the Lakers are right now.
Tempers are flaring on the set of 'Little Women: Couples Retreat' after a white cast member called a black cast member a "monkey ass."TMZ got this clip of Lifetime's "Little Women: LA" spin-off where Lila is basically asking to get dropped ... by repeatedly hurling the racial slur against Tonya Banks.


Rachel Lindsay might be falling head over heels for contestant Bryan Abasolo on "The Bachelorette" ... but her family sure ain't.Rachel brought her remaining 3 suitors to meet her fam on Monday's episode, but when it came to Bryan ... mom and co. were quick to call out his glib answers and arguably premature proclamation of love.It's a pretty awkward interaction -- they grill him with fairly reasonable questions ... and the dude just folds, even excusing himself from the table (and the interview).
Chris Massey claims ex-"Moesha" star, Shar Jackson﻿, hits his 2-year-old daughter and even left her with a gash across her face ... which is why he's demanding court ordered protection.Massey requested and was granted a temporary restraining order last week against Shar -- the mother of his baby mama, Cassilay Jackson. According to the docs, Chris dropped off his daughter in May to hang with mom and grandma for a few weeks.When he picked her up ... Massey says, in the docs obtained by TMZ, she had a 4-inch "razor cut" across her forehead. He says his daughter, Mariah, blamed grandma Shar. Chris says he confronted Shar ... and claims she responded that she'd "do whatever she wants."
Step aside, Santa Claus ... President Trump's vowing to single-handedly save Christmas.POTUS addressed the Boy Scouts of America Monday at their national convention in West Virginia and got 'em all pumped up for the holiday season. Yes, it's July.Still, the Prez offered reassurance that come December, the Scouts -- and presumably the rest of us -- can start saying "Merry Christmas" again.Translation: bah humbug to political correctness ... I'm bringing back real yuletide cheer!Scouts ate it up, and 45 looked pretty happy with his declaration.
Blac Chyna is sending a message to Rob Kardashian -- and even her old side piece, Ferrari -- she doesn't need either of them to get around fast.Chyna just purchased a 2017 Ferrari 488 Spider. The whip's starting price is around $334k, but Chyna's is custom with Forgiato wheels so it'll cost way more.Chyna got the new wheels Monday, a few weeks after Rob took back both the Ferrari and Lamborghini he bought her after the revenge porn fiasco, and ultimate breakup.It's interesting Chyna rushed to pick up the new luxury ride. She just appeared in Yo Gotti's "Rake It Up" video alongside Nicki Minaj, who has a line on the track where she raps: "Brought out the pink Lamborghini just to race with Chyna."It appears Chyna fell victim to the hype.
Justin Bieber looks like the weight of the world is off his shoulders -- and he can't help smiling at the thought of relaxation ... now that he's canceled his Purpose world tour.Bieber was chilling near the beach in Santa Monica Monday afternoon ... hours after he dropped the bombshell about his 14 remaining tour dates.As for why he's pulled out? Justin made it seem like it shouldn't be a mystery after being on the road for 2 years. He added he's looking forward to ... "Just resting, getting some relaxation. We're gonna ride some bikes."Still, he was clearly aware many of his fans are PISSED. He's got a message for them ... and insists this isn't about betraying them.
Chester Bennington's housekeeper cried and screamed in the background as a driver for the Linkin Park frontman made the 911 call to report his suicide.Cops just released the 911 call made by the driver, who was most likely there to pick up Chester for a scheduled photo shoot. He told the operator, "I just got to the location and his housekeeper came out and said he killed himself ... he hung himself."As the driver relayed more details, the housekeeper was absolutely distraught in the background ... crying hysterically as she spoke to Chester's wife on another phone.TMZ broke the story ... Bennington hanged himself in his bedroom, in an eerily similar way to his friend, Chris Cornell. Chester's family was out of town, and Thursday morning the housekeeper found his body.
Kevin Hart and his pregnant wife look to be rock solid ... on the sand down in Cabo San Lucas.Eniko's about six months along right now and still rocking a bikini during their Mexican beach vacay. She and Kevin showed no signs of tension the week after cheating allegations were reported. Kevin's dismissed that as "BS" ... btw.The Harts were hanging with Ludacris and his wife, along with several other friends -- and the guys were flexing and mugging around the pool.
Justin Bieber is signing off early -- canceling the final leg of his Purpose world tour ... TMZ has learned.It's unclear why he's pulling the plug on his 14 remaining shows -- starting with Arlington, TX this weekend -- but one tour source told us Justin's "just over it."The tour started March 9 in Seattle, and was in the homestretch ... with some huge stadium dates in Texas, Denver, East Rutherford, NJ and also the Rose Bowl in Pasadena. There were also a few international stops in Japan, Singapore and the Philippines.12:11 PM PT -- Justin's team just released a statement saying the cancellation stems from "unforeseen circumstances." They go on to say tickets will be refunded.
Bill Cosby accuser Chloe Goins could be in a heap of trouble after she was arrested on two felonies, and the lead-up to the bust is bizarre ... TMZ has learned.The San Diego County District Attorney's Office tells TMZ ... Chloe was arrested Sunday on suspicion of two felony counts -- possession of a controlled substance in prison and bringing alcohol into a prison -- after cops found her sitting in her car just before midnight in the parking lot of the George F. Bailey Detention Facility.Cops tell TMZ Goins was found with a substance suspected to be heroin but it's unclear what she was doing at the facility. We're told she was taken into custody without incident. She remains in jail with bail set at $25k.Chloe's attorney tells TMZ ... "Our primary concern at this time is for Ms. Goins’ well-being, not media or press attention. I’d like to remind the public that an arrest is not a conviction, nor is it evidence or admission of guilt."
The woman suing Usher and accusing him of exposing her to herpes now says an STD test confirmed she's contracted the virus ... and she's upped her demand.The woman, in new legal docs filed as Jane Doe, says she was devastated when she got the results Saturday. The woman said she'd gone to get tested immediately after hearing reports Usher admitted in docs he has herpes simplex 2.TMZ broke the story ... she sued Usher for $10 million after she says they had unprotected sex earlier this year. She now wants at least $20 million for emotional harm, medical bills and punitive damages.We've reached out to Usher's camp, so far no word back.
Rising boxing phenom Gervonta Davis has a brand new training partner ... Drake!The 22-year-old -- who's fighting in the co-main event at Mayweather, McGregor -- hit a 6-mile run with the 6 God in Houston over the weekend.Not only did Drake keep up ... but he also provided the soundtrack for the run. Despite the fact it sounds like it could be new music from Drake, we're told it's NOT the rapper.(Sounds just like him though!)
Robby Hayes and Amanda Stanton are now a thing, thanks to "Bachelor in Paradise." Oh, and ... spoiler alert.Amanda and Robby were hand-in-hand for a weekend stroll in WeHo. We're not judging, but seems like they're already coordinating their wardrobes (Ok, we're judging).They were both down in Mexico shooting the upcoming 'BiP' season ... and maybe the third time will be the charm for Amanda. She finished fourth on Ben Higgins' 'Bachelor' season, and was briefly engaged to Josh Murray before calling it off in December 2016.Robby was the runner-up on JoJo Fletcher's season.If at first you don't succeed ... get recast!
Wiz Khalifa's next big show could be in the Octagon because the superstar rapper -- who's known as a smoker, not a fighter -- has been busting his ass doing MMA training.TMZ Sports got this video of Wiz hitting the mitts with FOX's Jay Glazer, and working on his kicks with UFC star Cat Zingano. Pretty clear from the video ... he's taking it seriously, and we hear he's been at it like this for about 3 months at Unbreakable Gym on Sunset.What's most impressive about this workout sesh is Wiz was on vacay! He was in Napa for a wine tasting trip -- with his gf, Izabela Guedes, Michael Strahan and Glazer -- but brought his gear to do some training ... in between sipping cabs and zins.Wine tasting and MMA? Just when ya think ya know a guy.
Nicolas Cage's facial expression has done it again ... and it's melting the Internet.Nic was in Kazakhstan Sunday attending the opening of the 13th Eurasia International Film Festival ... and this picture -- posing next to the country's First Lady -- has everyone laughing their asses off.The Oscar winning actor wore a traditional Kazakh robe over a shirt and tie ... but it's his holy-hell-what-have-I-gotten-myself-into-and-where-did-it-all-go-wrong look that's sparked memes all over social media.The guy can't catch a break ...
The woman who accused Michael Irvin of rape tested positive for several drugs in her system after the alleged incident, including cocaine and ecstasy ... this according to prosecutors.According to a State Attorney report on the case, obtained by TMZ Sports, the accuser took a toxicology test at a nearby hospital just a few hours after the alleged incident in the early hours of Wednesday, March 22. She told officials she did not take any drugs that night and believes something was put in her drink.But the toxicology report came back showing the presence of amphetamine, MDMA, cocaine and alcohol in her blood. Her B.A.C. was a .10 despite the fact she had stopped drinking hours before.The woman later admitted to investigators that she took a "small amount" of Xanax and ecstasy on the 19th and 20th -- and fessed up to doing cocaine over the weekend. Officials didn't believe her cocaine excuse because coke metabolizes "almost immediately" and would likely not show up if taken that long ago.Either way, officials say they couldn't prove that Irvin provided any of the drugs to her.There's more ... officials also did the blacklight test in Irvin's hotel room and did find some semen -- on the corner of a seat cushion. But they couldn't prove if it was Irvin's or someone who had previously stayed in the room. Gross.Investigators also found video of the woman partying with Irvin earlier in the evening and even gyrating her hips around him near his hotel room.Officials also say the woman underwent a vaginal swab after the alleged incident but there was no trace of Irvin's DNA.Ultimately, prosecutors came to the following conclusion:
Jessica Alba's ﻿got her third bun in the oven ... and she's making sure it gets plenty of sun.Alba's currently enjoying summer in Hawaii on the heels of news she's having another kid. She's already mom to 2 daughters -- 9-year-old Honor and 5-year-old Haven -- with husband Cash Warren.
Chester Bennington's bandmates are remembering him for his musical talent ... and also the demons that ultimately led to his suicide.Linkin Park posted an open letter to Chester in which they thank the fans for the outpouring of love and support, and say of the singer ... "You touched so many lives, maybe even more than you realized." It sounds like they didn't see any warning signs before Chester took his own life because they say, "Talking with you about the years ahead together, your excitement was infectious."The band addressed their frontman's demons too -- "You fearlessly put them on display, and in doing so, brought us together and taught us to be more human."https://t.co/CkwWKW25et pic.twitter.com/364B8vHRmf
Kim Zolciak raged out on Kenya Moore because she thought Kenya said something about her son, who was horribly injured by a dog bite -- and it took several cast members to hold her back.Multiple 'RHOA' production sources tell us Kim went all Mama Bear while they were shooting over the weekend at a home in Atlanta. We're told Kenya and Kim were throwing shade as soon as they saw each other -- but when things got personal, it got out of hand.Kim made comments about Kenya's new marriage being fake ... and Kenya fired back that Kim had pimped out her daughter to get John Legend tickets. Everyone we spoke to agrees to that much, but here's where it gets messy.We're told Kim thinks Kenya said the Legend tix were for "your injured son." Others in the house say they never heard Kenya say the son part. Doesn't matter ... Kim was convinced and lost it ... rushing at Kenya, knocking over and breaking glasses on the way.Cast members and production staff grabbed Kim and calmed the situation. We're told Kim immediately bounced, and is genuinely pissed -- not just "for the show" drama ... like last season.
Prosecutors will NOT press rape charges against Michael Irvin after investigators determined they had no strong case against the NFL Hall of Famer, officials tell TMZ Sports.As we previously reported, Irvin was being investigated in Ft. Lauderdale after a 27-year-old woman told police Irvin sexually assaulted her at his hotel room during a March 21 incident.Irvin adamantly denied any wrongdoing from the start -- saying he never had any sort of a sexual relationship with the woman. Irvin told us she was like a family member to him before the allegations.Now, Ron Ishoy at the Broward State Attorney's Office tells TMZ Sports, "The Irvin case has been closed out for lack of evidence and no likelihood of conviction."The paperwork closing out the case will be filed this afternoon.
Ciara and Russell Wilson have a little thrill-seeker on their watch ... 3-month-old daughter Sienna, who can't walk yet but is already hauling down a mountainside on an alpine slide.The Wilsons are in China, where they've been taking in sights like the Great Wall, and over the weekend took a family toboggan ride.Doesn't look like China has an age or height restriction on their alpine slide courses. Ciara rode with Sienna strapped to her chest, while Russ came down with 3-year-old Future.Those things are pretty safe IF you don't go fast, and looks like Russ and Ciara always had a hand on the brake. The views ... also not bad.
O.J. Simpson and Casey Anthony are NOT really free even though they're free ... according to Keesha Sharp.Keesha -- who played Johnnie Cochran's wife on 'People v. O.J.' -- was at Bristol Farms Sunday in L.A. where we got her take on O.J. getting paroled. It's obvious the news pains her, but says it was the right decision.That being said ... Keesha says a dark cloud will always follow Simpson, the same way it's followed Anthony since her not guilty verdict for the murder of her 2-year-old daughter, Caylee.Keesha also has the Goldman family's back.
Blac Chyna's new tattoo paints a very clear picture of who comes first in her life, and it's not her new aspiring singer boyfriend.As we previously reported ... Chyna's new boo, Mechie, got her initials tatted on his neck last week. Naturally, you'd think BC would reciprocate by getting his initials on her own skin. Not exactly.Chyna might've taken the matching tattoo thing too literally but at least she's laying it all down from start of the relationship.Looks like she learned a lesson from that Future situation.
O.J. Simpson's still untouchable in the literary world -- most major publishers will NOT be scrambling to offer him a book deal after he gets out of prison.We spoke with multiple major publishers who said ... despite being granted parole, and all the interest in recent O.J. projects -- like the "30 for 30" documentary and 'The People vs. O.J.' -- the book world will take a hard pass. We're told publishers fear a major backlash, or boycott, that could impact their roster of authors.Another reason he's considered toxic is publishers don't see people rushing to put money in O.J.'s pocket, because the public still considers him guilty of double murder. As Keith Urbahn, president of publishing giant Javelin, put it ... "Consumers won't spend 20 bucks on a self-aggrandizing book about how he's turned his life around."Last time O.J. landed a book deal was 2007's 'If I Did It' ... which cost mega-publisher Judith Regan her job at HarperCollins. Our sources say that fiasco is fresh in the minds of publishing execs.Bottom line -- don't hold your breath for O.J.'s tell-all memoir.
Beyonce and Jay-Z ﻿might be the lucky charms their future next door neighbor dreamed about.There's a couple that owns a Bel-Air house next door to the one where Bey and Jay are about to close escrow. As we reported, the Carters are paying around $100 mil for the mansion.That's good news for the neighbors, who have tried in vain to sell their home since 2015. Problem is ... the lot is kinda screwy. The driveway is narrow and goes downhill, and when people pay millions they want more.But now prospective buyers will get more ... as in maybe the biggest power couple in the U.S., next to Barack and Michelle.As they say, it's all about location, location, location. Bel-Air is one of hoitiest of toitiest areas in L.A. and living next door to Bey and Jay puts the neighbors in the epicenter of celebrity power.Ultimately, it's all about price, and when you compare what the Carters are paying to the very reasonable $18 million dollar price tag on the house next door ... well, the listing agents clearly think it's now a steal.
The memory of "Mob Wives" star Big Ang lives on in mural form on the side of her sister's boutique, but it's in danger of being washed away ... TMZ has learned.Big Ang's sister, Janine﻿,﻿ tells us she got permission for the hand-drawn mural from the landlord of the Staten Island building last year ... shortly after Ang died. She says the tribute was well-received in the neighborhood, until a few weeks ago ... when her landlord said it had to go.She says the landlord claimed people find it offensive, but she has no idea why and hasn't gotten more of an explanation. She says the landlord wants the mural removed before the new school year, and she'll be devastated if that happens.She's started a petition for the community to show love for her sister and the mural.
Venus Williams' mother says the tennis superstar is still reeling from the car crash that left 1 man dead -- but says she's able to cope because she's a very strong person.Oracene Price tells TMZ Sports ... Venus is "very much" upset and affected by the June 9 crash in Palm Beach Gardens, FL -- but her family, including Serena, is rallying around her.When asked what advice she's given Venus on how to deal with the situation, Price says: "It's something that you kinda have to do internally yourself but you'll never forget it. But it'll always be there so you just have to live with it."As we previously reported, Venus' car was T-boned by another vehicle in an intersection, killing a 78-year-old man. Venus has not been charged with a crime (and likely won't be) but cops are still investigating.The victim's family has filed a civil suit against Venus -- but Oracene says her daughter isn't worried about it.As for Serena, Oracene says she's SUPER excited about the pregnancy and can't wait to be a grandmother.But don't expect the baby to keep Serena off the court too long -- Oracene says Serena is planning to return to pro tennis ASAP because "she likes to compete."
John Singleton doesn't see anything wrong, or illegal, about how R. Kelly's leading his personal life, because the women living with him are adults making adult decisions.We got the famed director out in NYC and he made it clear ... he just doesn't see what all the controversy is about, and told us he thinks the Bill Cosby comparisons are totally unfair to Kelly.We can always count on John to drop some knowledge -- like when he schooled us on Tupac.
Gold medal winning Olympian Michael Phelps took on a great white shark ... and now we know who truly reigns supreme in the water ... sort of.THE SHARK WINS!!!Phelps kicked off Shark Week 2017 on Discovery Channel with a primetime special, "Phelps vs. Shark: Great Gold vs. Great White" after weeks of anticipation for the man-against-beast event. The 100-meter open water "race" took place in Cape Town, South Africa ... but many fans are unhappy about what actually qualified as a race.Most people thought Phelps didn't stand a chance considering his top swim speed is about 6 mph and great whites can reach speeds up to 25 mph ... but his team helped him even the playing field with a shark skin-like wetsuit and a monofin to emulate a shark's tail.Turns out ... it didn't matter. Phelps lost the SIMULATED race to a great white shark by 2 seconds.So ... Ryan Lochte was right?
Incredible to think "Trading Spaces" would come back with anyone other than Paige Davis helming its reboot.The home improvement show, where neighbors have 2 days and a $1,000 budget to make over a room in each other's home, just announced it's returning with Davis as host. But Davis says she wasn't a shoo-in for the gig, despite the show's dedicated fan base, including Tina Fey who once stalked out their set.

And the award for best drunken Comic-Con video goes to .... Ezra Miller, aka The Flash!Ezra, who plays the speedy guy was swarmed by fans Saturday night in San Diego, and dropped some Flash trivia on them ... regarding booze. The way he explains it, his "Justice League" character can't help but handle his liquor.Not sure that's true for Ezra though. Anyway, one fan wasn't buying it and jokingly asked to smell Ezra's breath. He got way more than a whiff of his breath ... he got a full-on kiss!Fan appreciation is what Comic-Con's all about.
R. Kelly failed to successfully lure a young woman into his life, despite giving her cash and promising to jump-start her career ... and the woman says she has her mom to thank.The woman tells us she met the singer backstage at one of his shows in December after getting a wristband from someone in his crew. She was 20 at the time.She says R. Kelly gave her his number and the 2 exchanged calls and texts, and he promised to help her become an actress/model. He invited her to his Georgia home and told her to "wear something sexy." She claims she brought a friend, but it got real creepy -- no phones were allowed and suddenly she was escorted to R's bedroom.The woman says Kelly asked her to strut around and pose like a model ... and convinced her to take sexy photos. She says he paid her $200 when she left and told her to use it to buy black lingerie, heels and red lipstick for her next visit ... which she did.We're told she went back to R. Kelly's place 2 more times -- alone -- but each time he got more aggressive and controlling ... even guilting her into posing nude. She says they never had sex.She says the last straw was him sending her a one-way ticket to be with him back in L.A. in February, warning her not to bring a friend. She says she felt uneasy and told her mother, who promptly put the kibosh on the trip.We reached out to R. Kelly ... no comment.
"Game of Thrones" actor Liam Cunningham has some potentially spoiler-filled advice about betting on his character to last on the show ... but you know you want to hear it.We got Liam -- aka Ser Davos Seaworth -- on L Street in San Diego heading to Comic-Con festivities Saturday ... and our guy tells him he's banking on Davos to survive. Watch for yourself ... but it certainly doesn't seem like a lock.Betting on ANYONE to survive on HBO's hit show is about as wise as using a fork to fight a White Walker, though. Plus, if Ed Sheeran can pop up with a singing cameo ... anything can happen.
"Catfish" star Nev Schulman got wet and wild after his wedding ... in a reception that ditched the banquet hall dance floor for riding waves at the beach.Nev married his longtime girlfriend, Laura Perlongo, in his father's backyard in East Hampton, NY Saturday -- their 9-month old daughter Cleo was the flower girl -- then took the party of about 100 guests to the ocean.The kick ass reception featured beach cabanas, a DJ, pizza, beer and glasses of rosé. Nev's 'Catfish' co-star Max Joseph was on hand and gave a speech about the newlyweds ... then took an inflatable flamingo for a ride.Mazel!
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez do EVERYTHING together now ... including celebrating their birthdays, and she even got him on the dance floor for the event.The couple hung out with friends and family Saturday night in Miami for a massive birthday party -- hers is July 24 and his is July 27 -- and while J Lo always has on her dancing shoes ... we don't normally see A-Rod cut loose. Dating Jennifer clearly changes a man.Things to look for in this video:- A-Rod & J Lo's "Sweet Caroline" singalong- Towering double birthday cake- Jennifer's killer see-through outfitAnd don't let 'em fool you ... Jenny's still from the block, which she proved with some ass-shaking moves when the DJ put on her song, "Ain't It Funny."
Justin Bieber always marches to the beat of his own drum, and that beat's telling him to free his nipples ... in convenience stores ... apparently.Justin looked like your typical teenager in Arizona or Florida when he hit up a 7-Eleven Saturday night. Of course, the Biebs was in Beverly Hills ... where ya don't typically see topless folks ... famous or not.We're pretty sure no one complained about topless Bieber. Still, we'd implore him to not just observe all posted rules, but -- "Learn it. Know it. Live it."
It's clear now, Tyga is ready to make his contract dispute with Birdman a very public, messy affair ... because he fired a verbal shot that's sure to piss off the Cash Money honcho.Tyga was leaving 1Oak on Sunset Saturday night ... when our photog asked him about his ongoing battle his former label. Quick recap: Tyga said he left Cash Money, even though it owed him $12 million ... then our Birdman sources said that's a joke ... in not so many words.It's obvious Tyga's been paying attention, and fearlessly responded ... calling his old boss a "bitch."
Bella Thorne's not lost at sea -- she's exactly where she wants to be ... and wearing the appropriate nipple-freeing attire.Bella channeled her inner David Lee Roth by rocking a captain's hat and a flaming hot shirt out in Hollywood Saturday night ... and added a see-through white top for her own personal touch.She was with a new dude too -- not Blackbear or Scott Disick -- but rather "The Young and the Restless" actor, Max Ehrich.We can only say  ... Rock on, Bella.
Brad Pitt is so big of a Frank Ocean fan ... he co-starred Saturday night in the singer's set at FYF Fest.This video's pretty cool ... as Frank launched into his version of "Never Can Say Goodbye" by the Jackson 5, Brad appeared in the giant video screens. It looked like a pre-recorded clip of him listening to the performance on a phone ... although, he might have been listening live.At the end of the song, Frank says, "This is for our good friend."
Big Sean's an open (comic) book ... when it comes to his infatuation with superheroes.The rapper was leaving Craig's in Weho Saturday night with his gf, singer Jhene Aiko, when we asked if he's into the Comic-Con scene. His answer was an enthusiastic yes.Sean says he's into "Star Wars," both the DC and Marvel Universes ... and was once so star-struck by Stan Lee that he almost caused a traffic accident to meet him.
In honor of Comic-Con we’ve lassoed up the hottest stars in Wonder Woman costumes for your viewing pleasure ... geek out over the sexy superheroes who are definitely out of your (justice) league.
Hilary Duff just learned the hard way about the danger of posting vacation pics on Instagram -- it sets up her empty crib as an easy target for crooks on the hunt for high-end jewelry.We're told someone broke into Hilary's Bev Hills pad late Wednesday. Someone broke through a door, rooted around and discovered Hilary's stash. The alarm never went off.Our sources say the thief or thieves made off with bling worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.Hilary and her fam were in Canada. She posted a bunch of pics and vids, making it clear she was out of the country. She's still there, so cops still don't know the extent of the heist.Hilary joins a long list of celebs who were hit by burglars ... including Scott Disick, Ronda Rousey and Michael B. Jordan.
Birdman's fuming at Tyga publicly declaring Cash Money owes him $12 million ... because he says that statement is complete BS.Sources connected to the Cash Money honcho tell TMZ ... Tyga's actually the one who walked away still owing the label an album. We're told the label had no problem releasing him because his sales were sluggish.You'll recall Tyga left Cash Money for Kanye's G.O.O.D. Music back in 2016. All seemed fine, until he went on "The Breakfast Club," and copped to paying $1 mil to get out of his deal -- but also made the $12 mil claim.Tyga said he isn't suing for the money, which one source sees as proof he's full of crap. As it was put to us, "What person says they won't sue if they're owed $12 million?"You can smell the beef cooking.
Ellen Page has been getting death threats on her Instagram and now the LAPD is on the hunt for the culprit.The perp sent several messages, including one calling her a "lying worthless Canadian" and a "bitch actress" who "needs to die in my hands."It didn't stop there. Another message read, "I find Ellen and kidnap her and kill her throat and let everyone see it on my Instagram."Detectives got a search warrant last month so they could trace the IP address of the IG name, but we're told so far no arrests.
Rachel McCord might not be as famous as her sexy celebrity sister, but she sure looks like a star.The model and younger sister of "Nip/Tuck" and "90210" actress AnnaLynne McCord hit up the beach in Santa Monica this week ... and had herself a fun and sand-filled photo shoot.After applying sunscreen to her buns, Rachel enjoyed a smoothie, read a magazine, snapped a few selfies, took a dip and even fed some birds.
NBA commissioner Adam Silver is showin' mad love for Lonzo Ball ... saying it's Zo's game -- not his dad, LaVar's big mouth -- that has the whole league buzzin'.We talked to Silver -- one of the coolest guys in all of sports -- about all the talk surrounding the Ball family ... and he says he likes what he sees from the Summer League MVP so far.There's more ... Silver also says he's a big fan of Ice Cube's BIG3 league and suggests there might be a way for the two leagues to work together in the future. Cool, right?He also weighs in on the Houston Rockets sale and reveals which pro league commissioner foots the bill when all the honchos get together for lunch.
Mark Ruffalo’s good looks are avenging!Here’s a 33-year-old version of the ‘stached star in West Hollywood back in 2000 (left) and 17 years later ... the infamous Hulk at an Expo in Anaheim, California last week (right).Marvel-ous!The question is ...
Joe Jonas is probably used to needing a little extra muscle to keep hordes of adoring fans at bay, but at an event like Comic-Con ... his girlfriend Sophie Turner's the main attraction.The couple was spotted out in downtown San Diego Friday night, after the "Game of Thrones" star hit up the event with Jonas during the day. In case you didn't know ... Sansa Stark's kind of a big deal.So who is Turner's real-life Brienne of Tarth? We're told it's that dude walking a few steps in front of her and Joe.Gotta keep the Lady of Winterfell safe.
Chester Bennington's suicide -- and also Chris Cornell's -- has Gavin Rossdale wondering about what he describes as a "bad scene" in music right now.He and his band Bush performed Thursday night in Hammond, Indiana ... and addressed the crowd about what had happened earlier that day -- Linkin Park's frontman killing himself. As TMZ first reported ... Chester took his life in an eerily similar way to his dear friend Chris Cornell.Gavin talked about the last time he'd seen Chester -- singing "Hallelujah" at Cornell's funeral.It was obvious, he was struggling to make sense of the deaths, saying it was "impossible to know what" Chester was going through. Still, he tried to inspire his fans ... before launching into "Glycerine."
Legendary singer-songwriter Randy Newman can't quite explain why he wrote a song about President Trump's dong ... but it's hilarious listening to him try.We got Randy at LAX, and our guy pressed him about the penis song ... which he ultimately decided to scrap for his upcoming album. Randy says he was just adding more vulgarity to the situation and didn't feel right about it ... even if Trump had it coming.Fortunately, Newman divulged some of the lyrics he had in mind last week, which include ... "My d**k’s bigger than your d**k / It ain’t braggin’ if it’s true / My d**k’s bigger than your d**k / I can prove it too."Anyway, sounds like Randy wants to apologize now ... even if he can't quite get out the words.As you'll recall ... Donald talked about the size of his package last year during one of the Republican debates.
The woman who accused Ezekiel Elliott of domestic violence in July 2016 is breaking her silence .... saying the incident changed her life forever and calls her relationship with the Dallas Cowboys RB "very toxic."For the record, Elliott was never arrested nor charged with a crime despite allegations from the accuser he got physical with her 5 separate times between July 17 and July 22, 2016. The woman claimed she was in a relationship with Ezekiel -- but Zeke claimed she was just someone who he had "a sexual relationship with."Still, the accuser isn't backing down, issuing a new statement Saturday that's obviously about her relationship with Elliott."Exactly 1 year ago today my life changed forever," the accuser posted on social media. "I finally got the strength to be the strong woman I was and got myself out of a very toxic relationship"She concluded, "Speak up and stop domestic violence."The timing of her statement is interesting, considering the NFL is reportedly getting ready to mete out punishment to Elliott following its own investigation into the incident.A rep from Ezekiel's camp had previously told us, "I can assure you [the allegations] are not true."
John Heard, the beloved star of several huge 80s and 90s movies, died Friday in Palo Alto, CA ... TMZ has learned.Heard was found dead in a hotel by the maid service ... according to family sources. Police were called to the hotel for a report of a medical emergency, but he was pronounced dead on the scene. The coroner is investigating, and cause of death is unclear at this time ... but police do not suspect foul play.We do know this ... according to his rep, John had "minor back surgery" Wednesday at Stanford Medical Center, and he was staying at the hotel while he recovered.Heard's most iconic role was as Peter McCallister, the dad in the "Home Alone" movies.He also had roles in "Big," "Beaches," "Gladiator" and "Pelican Brief" -- to name just a few -- and also a slew of TV roles on "Miami Vice," "The Sopranos" ... and even the first "Sharknado."John was 71.
Former Miss USA Olivia Jordan and model Allie Ayers partnered up in Miami Beach ... in pastel swimsuits incredibly easy on the eyes.The bubbly blondes teamed up for a Sports Illustrated photo shoot during Miami Swim Week ... and they definitely work well together. Allie opted for a 1-piece instead of a bikini ... but still managed to reveal more than Olivia.Jordan was crowned Miss USA in 2015 and went on to place second runner-up in Miss Universe. Allie's one of 15 finalists in S.I. Swimsuit's open casting competition.Always good to lean on friends ... especially half naked ones.
Blac Chyna is on the road and giving lap dances again, but not for dollar bills ... just for her new bf.Chyna did a paid appearance at Miami's Mynt Lounge Friday night, and brought her boo, Mechie, along to keep her company. The singer was well compensated though ... with Chyna's boobs and ass in his face.Maybe it was worth it getting her initials tatted on him -- but probably not.Meanwhile, her ex ... Rob Kardashian was back on social media, and obeying the restraining order. No revenge porn, just an adorable pic of their daughter Dream in a ball pit. Well played, Dad.
Linkin Park's Chester Bennington might get an eternal resting spot right next to his dear friend, Chris Cornell.TMZ has learned the burial plot beside Cornell at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery is available ... and a source at the cemetery tells us they expect Chester's family to call about buying it.Chester was very close with the Soundgarden frontman ... he performed "Hallelujah" at his funeral, and had a difficult time coping with his death.We broke the story ... Bennington may have mimicked Cornell's suicide -- they died in eerily similar ways. Bennington also killed himself on what would have been Chris' 53rd birthday.
Jeremy Meeks has a super tight grip on his gf Chloe Green ... so tight, it's like she stands to inherit a $5 billion fortune or something.The ex-con and the Topshop heiress were out in Bev Hills Friday running the typical errands -- drug store run, smoothies and totally 100% authentic, impromptu make out session for the paparazzi.Jeremy -- who just filed for separation from his wife, Melissa -- told us last week things are getting serious with Chloe.
Sean Spicer was not laughing along with America when Melissa McCarthy did her impressions of him -- in fact, he says she went "over the line."Spicer talked to Sean Hannity, hours after resigning from his gig as White House Press Secretary, and admitted he found some of the 'SNL' skits to be "malicious." He threw a tiny jab at Melissa saying other late night TV jokes made him laugh.Spicey said he CAN take a joke, just not the ones that turn "mean."He couldn't have been referring to the motorized podium, right?
Good news, bad news for O.J. Simpson ...The Good News: Flavor Flav says he's still in possession of Simpson's famous statue of himself (the one featured in "The People Vs. O.J. Simpson") and will gladly give it back to his old friend.The Bad News: If Simpson accepts Flav's offer, Fred Goldman could get a judge to force O.J. to sell it immediately to pay off part of the judgement against him in the wrongful death case.Little backstory ... the statue was seized from Simpson's home and put up for auction in 1999 with the profits going toward paying off the $33.5 million judgement awarded to the families of Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown.The statue was purchased for $3,250 by radio host Mancow Muller -- who later gifted it to Flav.But the Public Enemy rapper says he'd gladly return it to Simpson when he gets out of prison in October ... if Simpson wants it back.Flav says he previously tried to return it but O.J. refused the gift -- saying at the time, "They (meaning the Goldmans) would just take it away again."There could be a TON of money at stake this time around -- Flav has been shopping the statue with a 6-figure price tag. We're told he's received offers close to asking, but so far, no deal has been made.
Ronnie Magro from 'Jersey Shore' needed stitches to repair his sliced and bloodied hand after a rough night in a Las Vegas club.TMZ obtained a shot of Ronnie's messed up left mitt -- he walked away from the fight with what looks like 5 lacerations. As we first reported ... Ronnie sustained the injuries early Friday morning in Tao Las Vegas.Sources connected to Ronnie say he was in VIP when a crowd spilled into the area around him ... and as he tried to shield her, someone threw a bottle or glass which shattered on his hand. A rep for Tao tells a slightly different story -- saying there were no other individuals involved, and Ronnie just accidentally broke a bottle in his hand.Either way, Ronnie didn't realize he was cut -- booze numbs, after all -- until his gf pointed out he was bleeding on her. Security at TAO gave him a few bandages and suggested he get stitches.He initially blew off that advice, but we're told Ronnie gave in Friday afternoon and got stitches.

It’s the most marvel-ous weekend of the year -- Comic-Con -- as Hollywood’s hottest stars and nerds alike flock to San Diego for the convention of all conventions.Lucky for you we’ve compiled the coolest cosplay looks -- including fan favorites "Game of Thrones," ‘Star Wars,’ and "Stranger Things" -- so you can be a part of the fun without having to put a dent in your bank account.
Kodak Black is turning a new leaf now that he's out of prison and he's doing it with the help of Master P.Master P tells us the two linked after Kodak's interview on "The Breakfast Club" in January where he mentioned he'd want P to mentor him. Word got to Master P and he's been teaching Kodak the ropes of the music biz and now feels like a father figure to the young rapper.It explains why Kodak popped up at a celebrity basketball game for Team Hope NOLA, Master P's foundation, in June, right after he got out of the pen for violating his house arrest.Their next project is a back-to-school fundraiser on August 14 in Pompano Beach, Florida, Kodak's hometown, where they plan on giving away school supplies to over 1300 kids. We're told the event means a lot to Kodak who wants to stress the importance of education.
Another volcanicly, smokin' hot bikini model is obsessed with Cristiano Ronaldo ... and she wants TMZ Sports to help hook her up.So, here.You're looking at Tanya Mityushina -- a 24-year-old Russian-born model (34-24-34) who stripped down to a couple of well-placed strings for the 2016 Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition.She's also modeled for Victoria's Secret, GUESS and Bebe. Straight fire.Tanya knows Ronaldo has a girlfriend. Tanya also knows relationships don't always last forever.Tanya is taking her shot.Get it, Tanya.
'Real Housewives of New York' star Dorinda Medley knows bitchin' deals when she sees one -- her "Not Well, Bitch" line of products could soon land at a major department store.Dorinda's rep at Talent Resources tells TMZ ... the slogan caught fire after she screamed it at "Sex and the City" writer, Candace Bushnell, this season. Since then, Dorinda filed docs to trademark the slogan and started selling coffee mugs, tote bags, t-shirts and towels with the phrase.We're told business is boomin' -- Dorinda's sold more than 700 items and banked more than $100k a month after launching the line. Business is so good ... Dorinda's now in talks with 2 major department stores.Not bad, bitch.


Chester Bennington's wife was seen out in public for the first time since her husband's suicide, and got a comforting hug.Talinda Ann Bentley visited a local market in Palos Verdes, CA Friday with her daughter and another young girl. She was holding hands with one of her daughters ... it's unclear who the girl is hugging Talinda.Bennington died at their home in Palos Verdes Estates Thursday from hanging himself. His family was out of town at the time.
Chris Brown claims he's been held up for $300,000 over a show he postponed, but eventually made up, in the Philippines ... so now he's going after the concert organizer in court.Chris says the trouble started when he was forced to delay a New Year's Eve 2014 gig in the Philippines ... due to a "misplaced passport." He arranged to play the makeup show in July 2015 ... and performed right on schedule.The next day ... Chris was trying to leave his hotel -- but, according to the docs, he was met by armed men who blocked his exit. Chris says a lawyer for the arena walked up and told him he would be arrested -- unless he wired $300k to a trust fund for Jose Victor Los Banos Biongco.Chris refused to pay, hired an immigration attorney and eventually got clearance to leave the country. He says on his way to the airport ... Biongco and his reps continued to text, asking for the dough.
"American Idol" winner Scotty McCreery was busted trying to bring a loaded handgun on a plane ... according to reports.McCreery went through a security X-ray checkpoint at Raleigh-Durham International Airport in North Carolina last week when the weapon was spotted. The black, 9mm, Smith & Wesson handgun was in the singer's backpack ... the screen also picked up two boxes of ammo with 63 bullets.Target practice todayA post shared by Scotty McCreery Official (@scottymccreery) on May 30, 2014 at 2:00pm PDTReports say McCreery does have a permit to carry a concealed handgun ... but that doesn't allow him to carry a loaded one on a plane.The season 10 'Idol' winner was cited with a misdemeanor violation for the incident.Scotty tells us he'd been out shooting a few days before the flight and forgot the gun and ammo was still with him, he says he had his concealed weapon permit on him.
Usher had sex with a woman earlier this year who had no idea he was exposing her to Herpes ... according to a new lawsuit she's filed for millions of dollars.According to the suit, filed by a Jane Doe, she and Usher hooked up in Atlanta on April 16 at her home. She says there was some heavy petting, some kissing, and she performed oral sex on him. They eventually had intercourse, and she says he wore a condom.However, in the docs, obtained by TMZ, she says they had sex again 12 days later -- this time in a New Orleans hotel room -- and they did not use a condom.Cut to this month ... when Jane Doe says she read news reports about Usher admitting in docs, connected to an earlier legal case, that he has Herpes Simplex 2.In this new suit, the woman does not say she's infected. She is concerned because she was "exposed" and says she wouldn't have had sex with Usher if he'd disclosed he has the virus.She's suing "U.R. IV" -- Usher Raymond IV -- for negligence, battery and emotional distress ... and is seeking at least $10 million in damages.
Linkin Park ﻿has officially canceled its North American tour ... TMZ has learned.The cancellation comes just a day after frontman Chester Bennington committed suicide at his Palos Verdes Estates home. The band's rep told us immediately following the news, the group was so devastated they couldn't think about the tour's future, which was set to kick off next week.But now it's official -- the tour's a no-go ... and Live Nation tells us refunds will be available to fans.Chester was 41.
Beyonce's controversial wax figure got a little makeover ... and maybe a little sun too.Bey's wax figure at Madame Tussauds in NYC was briefly removed from the museum amid criticism it looks like a white woman, but was back on full display Friday ... with some slight modifications.Tussauds reportedly updated its wax Beyonce by adjusting the styling and lighting of her figure. Take a look at the side-by-side pics ... definitely some changes to the hairstyle and complexion.Still not a dead ringer, but look at this video -- the closer ya get, the more Bey-ish it gets.
Nothing hurts the value of an autograph like murder ... which is why O.J. Simpson's got a big problem on his hands, so says "Pawn Stars" honcho Rick Harrison.With Simpson arguably more famous now than ever before, the guys on the "TMZ Sports" TV show (airs weeknights on FS1) asked Harrison if he expects a spike in demand for O.J. stuff.
O.J. Simpson has been moved to a special housing area in Lovelock Correctional Center to protect him from inmates possibly looking to harm him in order to make a name for themselves, TMZ Sports has learned.After Simpson was granted parole during Thursday's hearing, Simpson was moved out of the general population and into confined housing, a rep for the prison tells us.We're told there's no specific threat on O.J.'s life but several inmates in the prison have life sentences "and nothing to lose" and may be "opportunists" looking to hurt or kill Simpson before he leaves to raise their own profile.The prison rep said O.J. did not request the special protection but explained, "It's in the best interest of O.J. and the prison to make sure that he's safe and comes out in one piece."We also asked if the special protection would impede Simpson from being the commissioner of the prison softball league. We were told, "It would be pretty hard unless he watched from a window."O.J. is expected to be released on October 1.
12:25 PM PT -- A rep for Ronnie says he was at TAO when a fight broke out. He wasn't involved, but it got outta control ... and he was attempting to cover his gf when someone threw a bottle or glass. We're told it shattered on Ronnie's hand, and that's the reason for all the blood ... on both of them.TAO has a slightly different version of events -- its rep says no one else was involved in the incident, and claims Ronnie simply broke a bottle he was holding. The club also says an on-site EMT treated Ronnie.We'd say no blood, no foul but ... Ronnie from "Jersey Shore" had some kind of bloody encounter in Vegas early Friday morning, and his girlfriend was clearly none too pleased.An eyewitness who took this photo tells TMZ he saw Ronnie and the woman at around 1:15 AM coming out of a bathroom at The Venetian hotel and casino. He says Ronnie was soaked in blood with a plastic bag wrapped around his left hand.The woman was also covered in blood, although the eyewitness says it appeared to him the blood was not the result of a fight between the 2 of them. It also seemed she was uninjured.We're told security was flanking Ronnie and escorted him to an exit. It's unclear if security was trying to protect him or throw him out of the hotel.
Jada Pinkett Smith is putting a giant Hollywood rumor to bed about her own bed ... she and husband Will Smith don't screw around with other couples.Jada was promoting her new flick, "Girls Trip," on 'Watch What Happens Live' when a caller asked what the craziest rumor is that Jada's ever heard about herself. It took a second before Jada laughed off that it was one about her and Will being Hollywood's notorious swingers.Funny thing is ... Jada made it sound like the door to the bedroom could be open to other couples in the future.One thing she did come clean on though ... how she and Will have remained together for 23 years, which is no easy feat in Hollywood.
Blac Chyna's new man is all-in on her brand ... and they're both making sure Rob Kardashian's aware.Chyna and singer Mechie -- who she's been hooking up with for a couple weeks -- shot a video showing off a very fresh looking 'BC' tattoo behind his ear. If it wasn't clear already ... she's definitely moved on from Rob.She has a bad history with tattoos and dudes (*cough, Future*) ... so, interesting that HE got the ink this time around.This isnt the first time Chyna's rubbed her relationship with Mechie in Rob's face either. When Rob went on his social media tirade against her ... he posted a video Chyna allegedly sent him of her and Mechie kissing in bed ... as well as the photo with the other guy, Ferrari.As we reported ... Chyna got a restraining order against Rob and he vowed to stop slut-shaming her online. This should test Rob's will power.
Linkin Park's impending tour has obviously hit a wall -- and we're told the band has not yet made a decision on whether to pull the plug in the wake of Chester Bennington's suicide.The "One More Light" world tour is set to kick off next week in Mansfield, Massachusetts. A rep for the band tells us the guys are so devastated they can't think clearly enough to make a decision.The Xfinity Center in Mansfield is fielding hundreds of calls from ticketholders, who are being told to "standby."Fans might not have to wait long ... we're told the decision will likely come today.Stay tuned ...
11:34 PM PT -- The White House has just announced Sarah Huckabee Sanders as the new Press Secretary and Anthony Scaramucci officially as Communications Director.They won't have Sean Spicerto kick around anymore.President Trump's Press Secretary resigned from his post Friday morning, saying he strongly disagreed with Trump's pick for Communications Director ... Anthony Scaramucci.Scaramucci, a NY financier, would have been Spicer's boss, and he was reportedly not down with that power structure. Spicer was, arguably, the face of Trump's administration -- frequently arguing with reporters, and was famously portrayed by Melissa McCarthy on 'SNL.' A crowd fave, for sure.Spicey's taking his motorized podium and heading home.
Chester Bennington may have mimicked the suicide of his close friend, Chris Cornell, because they died in virtually identical ways.Law enforcement sources tell us, the Linkin Park singer was found hanging from a door separating his bedroom from his closet. TMZ broke the story, Chris Cornell died hanging from a hotel door separating the bedroom from the bathroom.We're also told Chester was found with a belt around his neck. Chris was found with an exercise band around his neck.Our sources say there was a partially empty bottle of alcohol in the room where Chester died, but no evidence of drugs.And we're told Chester did not leave a suicide note in the room. Neither did Chris.TMZ broke the story ... Chester killed himself on Thursday, which would have been Chris Cornell's 53rd birthday.
Sam Heughan knows this about Comic-Con -- it's a hunter's paradise, if ya catch our drift.The "Outlander" star was at LAX Thursday giddy about hitting up the nerdy shindig in San Diego. The show's taking its cast down there and, while he's ready to promote the show, it seems Sam knows a thing or two about the debauchery that goes on down there, too.It's already lore about how much fans hook up, but Sam's got a feeling celebs are getting in on the action too. He even admits there's one gal he's eyeing heading into the weekend.
Meek Mill dropped Nicki Minaj like a fly and buzzed off, not the other way around ... at least that's how his latest lyrics make it sound.Meek dropped his "Wins & Losses" album Friday, and on the track "1942 Flows," he makes Nicki out to be an emotional ex who would do anything to have him back: "Cut her off, act like she's dead and it's killing her."There's also a line where Meek warns bloggers not to ask him about his relationship with her.Nicki and Meek dated for almost 2 years, but ended things around December -- and it wasn't pretty since there were cheating allegations.
Justin Bieber found out it IS too late to say he's sorry -- China just banned his ass for bad behavior.Beijing's Culture Bureau responded Friday to a fan's request asking why the Biebs' Purpose tour has scheduled dates in Japan, Indonesia, the Philippines, Singapore and Hong Kong but NOT China.According to the bureau, Justin pissed off the People's Republic and they said, "Justin Bieber is a gifted singer, but he is also a controversial young foreign idol. As far as we are concerned, he has engaged in a series of bad behaviors, both in his social life and during a previous performance in China."The bureau didn't dive into specifics but you'll recall Justin, back in 2013, got carried onto the Great Wall of China ... emperor-style, no less.
Even the guy who plays "Take Me Out to the Ball Game" at Dodgers Stadium was affected by the death of Chester Bennington ... and honored the Linkin Park singer with a musical tribute on the stadium organ.Just before the Dodgers took the field against the Braves, team organist Dieter Ruehle played his own version of "Numb" over the loudspeakers.That's not all ... during the game Dodgers pitcher Brandon McCarthy used LP's "Figure.09" as his walkout music when he took the field.While Chester was from Arizona, the band was especially big in L.A. -- where the founding members are from.
The white Ford Bronco from O.J. Simpson's car chase stands to make its current owner a ton of dough ... if a buyer steps up to the plate.O.J.'s former sports agent, Mike Gilbert, owns the Bronco -- he bought it from A.C. Cowlings -- and sources close to him tell us he's never really been interested in selling, but only because the offers weren't good enough. We're told he's always considered it an investment, and this might be the perfect time to -- as they say -- sell high.Our sources tell us Mike's been offered $250k for the white Bronco in the past but turned it down right away. His target price is more in the $750k to $1 million range, and now that Juice's parole's been granted ... Gilbert can probably get it.We're told Mike has no emotional attachment to the Bronco, but he'll hold onto it unless he gets what he wants. If not, he'll pass it down to his kids.One more thing -- we're told there's one person he will NOT sell to ... and that's O.J.The white Bronco's currently sitting in the Alcatraz East Crime Museum in Pigeon Forge, TN.
R. Kelly turned underage women into slaves ... so claims the family of one of the young women who is living with the rapper.Joycelyn Savage's father, Timothy, tells us Kelly started some of these relationships when the girl was 17, and in his book that's a crime. Timothy goes on to claim the singer's relationship with these women turned physically abusive.But Timothy isn't done with his accusations. He compares the "relationships" to slavery, saying there was no free will on the part of the young women.Timothy also vehemently denies Joycelyn's allegations he set her up with R. Kelly ... even suggesting the singer forced her to say that.He also insists the FBI is in the throes of an investigation, especially targeting Florida.
Kylie Jenner's parting ways with the first home she ever bought, but it took one final price slash to make it happen ... TMZ has learned.We're told Kylie sold her 5,100 sq. ft. Calabasas pad for $3.15 million, a bit less than the $3.3 asking price. Our sources say the buyer is Bellami Hair founder Nikki Eslami.As we reported ... Kylie bought the place for $2.6 million back in 2015 and forked over a ton of money for renovations inside and out. She put the 6 bed, 7 bath house on the market for $3.9 mil in June 2016, but dropped the price in April when there were no takers.We're told she still came out slightly ahead in the deal, which was brokered by real estate giant Tomer Fridman.
O.J. Simpson officially has his first post-prison job offer ... from a Nevada brothel who says they're willing to let the juice run loose all over their establishment.There's just one problem ... some of the working girls at the place have thrown a penalty flag, threatening to quit if O.J. is hired at their place of business.TMZ Sports talked with Dennis Hof, owner of the Bunny Ranch in Carson City, Nevada, and he told us he's got a position all ready for O.J. when he's released, which could be as early as October 1.Hof says O.J. would work as a greeter in the establishment, and be able to live on the premises of the ranch as long as he's employed."One of the conditions of a prisoner being granted parole is always having an established place to live and a job to go to, and I can offer O.J. both of those in a unique situation."It's not all good for O.J. though, Brooklyn Moore, a pro at the ranch says that she and some of her fellow bedroom beauties will cross their legs FOR GOOD if O.J. ever shows up for work."The last thing we need is another link to the Kardashian clan coming around to ruin our business, and jeopardize our safety."


Joe Hahn -- the DJ for Linkin Park -- just showed up at Chester Bennington's home, and fans are beginning to flock there too.Several friends and family member were arriving at the house Thursday afternoon in Palos Verdes Estates, CA. Some fans have left flowers at the end of the driveway.As we reported ... Bennington's suicide was a shock to his bandmates, because the group had a photo shoot planned just hours after he was found dead in his home from hanging himself.Linkin Park coincidentally released a music video the morning of Chester's suicide.
The woman who body doubled for "The Affair" star, Ruth Wilson﻿, was objectified and humiliated in front of the crew, and then fired for complaining about it ... according to her lawsuit.Ashlynn Alexander filed suit against Showtime because she believes she got canned in September 2015 after reporting what she calls sexual harassment. In docs, obtained by TMZ, she says the assistant director posted the call sheet for a scene, and referred to her as "Alison Sexytime Double" on the doc. If you don't watch (you should) Ruth's character is named Alison, and she's frequently naked.Ashlynn confronted the AD in a meeting, and says he admitted the language was inappropriate -- but belittled her, saying she could easily be replaced. Six days later, she was fired.According to the suit, Showtime's excuse was Ashlynn's hair color wasn't a good match anymore. She calls BS on that because she always wore a wig for the role.She's suing the network's production company and the AD. Showtime had no comment.
Justin Simpson didn't seem as transfixed about his father's parole news as the rest of America ... and had very little reaction to the fact he'll be getting out of prison soon.O.J.'s 28-year-old son was leaving Walmart in St. Petersburg, Florida when a photog asked him about the parole board's decision ... which happened about 90 minutes before this was shot. He smiled for a moment, but mostly hid his emotions as he got into his Tesla.Justin and his sister, Sydney, are reportedly realtors now. It's unclear what their relationship is with O.J. now. Interestingly, Simpson said during the hearing he'd most likely be moving to Florida once he gets out of prison.You'll recall ... Sydney and Justin were asleep in their mother Nicole's condo when she and Ron Goldman were murdered.
O.J. Simpson will be a menace to society when he's released from prison ... a danger to women and children ... so says (possibly jokes) former O.J. prosecutor Christopher Darden.We got Darden leaving NBC studios Thursday in NYC when we asked how he feels now that O.J. will walk a free man after being granted parole.
Chester Bennington's suicide was a shock to bandmates, because the group had plans for a photo shoot in Hollywood just hours after the Linkin Park singer was found hanging at his home.Multiple sources tell us ... Chester hanged himself in his bedroom. His body was discovered shortly before 9 AM PT Thursday by a housekeeper.We're told Chester arrived back in L.A. Wednesday from Arizona, where he and his wife were spending time. She stayed in AZ, but his return suggests the singer took his life Wednesday night or early Thursday morning.Our sources say one of his bandmates showed up at Chester's Palos Verdes Estates home shortly after police arrived. He said he was driving Chester to the photo shoot and was "absolutely shocked."The band also has plans to tour in 1 week, which made the suicide all the more shocking.TMZ broke the story of Chester's suicide, and that he was profoundly affected by the suicide by hanging of his close friend, Chris Cornell. By the way, today would have been Cornell's 53rd birthday.
Halle Berry just showed up her "Kingsman: The Golden Circle" co-stars ... by taking their shots of whiskey and raising them a whole damn glass.Halle and the cast were on a panel at San Diego's Comic-Con Thursday when they started passing around shots. Channing Tatum poured her about 5 shots worth into a pint and, after intense peer pressure from the crowd ... she slammed it!More proof she's definitely not pregnant ... if ya needed that.
O.J. Simpson's former sister-in-law had to laugh when he declared he's led a conflict-free life ... because she's seen and heard all the proof to prove otherwise.Tanya Brown, younger sister to Nicole Brown Simpson, watched his parole board hearing as it played out Thursday morning. She told us she was concerned about the flash of anger he displayed at one of the board members -- but she was truly floored by his conflict comment.Tanya reminded him about his history of domestic violence with Nicole.
The Carmen Electra fan who told police he was engaged to her, was caught sitting outside her home with a notebook filled with all sorts of personal info ... on her and the people closest to her.TMZ broke story ... Daniel Leblanc was spotted outside her house in June, but now we have the full picture. According to docs, Carmen's assistant first approached Leblanc while he was sitting in his car. Leblanc asked her if this was Carmen's house, and the assistant -- hoping to throw him off -- said, no. Leblanc creepily responded, "We'll see about that" ... according to the assistant.That was enough for the assistant to call police. Leblanc told officers he was Carmen's husband, but then downgraded himself to fiance. Cops say Leblanc had a notebook in which he'd gathered a ton of data -- phone numbers, addresses, dates of birth, license plates, emails and more ... all for Carmen, her family members and staffers.Leblanc told cops he'd paid for some of the info, and he was "madly in love" and would return to marry her. Police put him on a 72-hour hold for psychiatric evaluation.
The crib Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson checked out Wednesday is a basketballer's dream where the Cavs player can still get in some serious hoopin' in the off-season, as well as work on his putting game.As we reported, Tristan's looking for a rental in L.A. where he can crash when he's in town. He's got a budget ... $60k a month and Khloe tagged along as they did a walk-through on a $9 million crib in Studio City.The 9,733 square foot pad has 6 bedrooms and 8.5 baths. There's a private gym, sauna and indoor hot tub. There's also a movie theater, giant wine cellar and a putting green in the backyard.
O.J. Simpson's on his way to being released from prison, and once he's a free man he'll also be free to imbibe and smoke weed ... as long as he's responsible about it.The conditions of Juice's parole allow him to "consume alcoholic beverages but not to excess." O.J. will occasionally be tested for it, but if his BAC is under .08 ... he's in the clear.Simpson's not allowed to use any controlled substances without a prescription from a doctor, and the same goes for marijuana. BUT, if he's prescribed medicinal marijuana ... he's got a green light to the ganja.Here's the wild card ... he must obey all laws. One member of the parole board made it clear ... even a small lapse could land him back in prison.The rest of his conditions are pretty standard -- don't associate with convicted felons, no weapons and make regular check-ins with his parole officer.Not bad for a guy who was looking at 24 more years of hard time just hours ago.
Blac Chyna might not be on Nicki Minaj's level, but she came close Wednesday night on the set of a new music video.They were both in Miami to shoot cameos in Yo Gotti's "Rake It Up" vid, and they looked like they were cut from the same cloth -- and by cloth, we mean latex.If ya don't know ... Chyna got her start in Hollywood stepping in as Nicki's body double on Kanye West's "Monster" video -- so this was kind of a reunion, but now she's getting face time too ... and she got a shout-out in Gotti's lyrics.The times, they are a changin' ...
12:32 PM PT -- Law enforcement sources tell TMZ Bennington was home alone at the time of the suicide. We're told his family was out of town and he was found upstairs by an employee.Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington has committed suicide ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources tell us the singer hanged himself at a private residence in Palos Verdes Estates in L.A. County. His body was discovered Thursday just before 9 AM.Chester was married with 6 children from 2 wives.The singer struggled with drugs and alcohol for years. He had said in the past he had considered committing suicide because he had been abused as a child by an older male.Chester was very close with Chris Cornell, who himself committed suicide by hanging in May. Today would have been Cornell's 53rd birthday. Chester wrote an open letter to Chris on the day of Chris' suicide.Cornell's wife, Vicky, tweeted out a message following the news of Chester's death, saying, "Just when I thought my heart couldn't break any more ... I love you T."The band has had a string of hits over the years, including "Faint," "In the End" and "Crawling." Linkin Park crossed music genres, collaborating with Jay-Z.The band's album, "Meteora," was one of the biggest alternative albums in music history.Bennington was 41.RIP
O.J. Simpson was just granted parole and he'll be released from prison as early as October.The NFL Hall of Famer learned his fate Thursday after Nevada's Board of Parole Commissioners deliberated for a half hour and made the determination. The earliest O.J. can be released from Lovelock Correctional Center is October 1.The panel included the chairman and 3 commissioners. The board brought up O.J.'s 1995 acquittal, but only to say it did NOT factor into their decision.No one testified against O.J. at the hearing ... and Bruce Fromong, one of the victims in the armed robbery, testified supporting O.J.'s release. O.J. said Bruce has already accepted his apology.O.J. has served 9 years of a maximum 33-year prison sentence after he was convicted of armed robbery in 2008. You'll recall he was attempting to retrieve some of his memorabilia in Las Vegas but said he had no clue the crew he was rolling with was armed.The 70-year-old apologized for the role he played in the robbery. He said he offered no excuses during his 9-year stay behind bars and would have no problem with any parole conditions imposed on him.In 1995, O.J. was acquitted of murder charges in the killing of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend, Ron Goldman, in the so-called "Trial of the Century."
Musicians from all genres and several other celebs were stunned by the sudden, devastating news that Linkin Park lead singer Chester Bennington had committed suicide, and his own bandmates also tweeted their shock.TMZ broke the story ... Chester hanged himself Thursday morning at a private residence in Palos Verdes Estates. The news of Chester's death comes on what would've been Chris Cornell's 53rd birthday. Cornell and Bennington were close friends, with Bennington even performing at Cornell's funeral in May.Bandmate Mike Shinoda tweeted an official statement would be coming from Linkin Park soon.Bennington is survived by 6 kids. He was 41.Just when I thought my heart couldn't break any more.....I love you TOh dear God. Massive R.I.P to Chester Bennington of @linkinpark this BREAKS OUR HEART. Suicide is the devil on earth walking amongst us 😞Chester was one of the kindest men I've had on my show. My heart breaks for his family and friends. He will be missed terribly.RIP Chester. Tragic ending. Condolences his family and friends and Linkin Park 🙏🏾Oh dear God. Massive R.I.P to Chester Bennington of @linkinpark this BREAKS OUR HEART. Suicide is the devil on earth walking amongst us 😞Thoughts & prayers to the family, friends & band of Chester Bennington...such a sweet soul and incredible talent, heartbroken againSaddened to learn about the passing of the talented Chester Bennington from Linkin Park. My heart breaks for his family and children.song of the day: NUMB - LINKIN PARK pic.twitter.com/7itrfa0Sz6Crazy sad news about Chester Bennington.. #linkinpark #RIP If you or someone you know is struggling to cope, @800273TALKI'm devastated. I don't even know what to say. My thoughts and prayer are with the big Linkin… https://t.co/b0z2CEBKhiRIP Chester Bennington. Another great gone too soon. If you're hurting, struggling or just need some 1 to talk to. Reach out. 🙏🏼My heart is shattered. I can't fucking believe this is real. Crying writing this now. Destroyed. pic.twitter.com/MeEBJD9gi3RIP Chester pic.twitter.com/hqmUof3APWMental health is no joke. We have to destigmatize the conversation around it.RIP CHESTER BENNINGTON. We can never know someone's pain. Prayers to his family in this tragedy. If you need help REACH OUT. @RollingStone pic.twitter.com/DmtWrHNgeYGracious, kind & humble. A rare combination in Rock & Roll. Deeply saddened... pic.twitter.com/cVtNEzrjHDShocked about the news of Chester Bennington’s death. I have played shows with him recently..I will miss him & his great talent very much.
O.J. Simpson had no problem getting tough while addressing Nevada's Parole Board Commissioners ... but he was also overcome with emotion.The NFL Hall of Famer was granted parole by unanimous decision Thursday but not before an intense hearing that also included some chuckles from the board.The 70-year-old NFL Hall of Famer addressed Nevada's Board of Parole Commissioners via video conference. The earliest he can be released from Lovelock Correctional Center is October 1.He's served 9 years of his 33 year prison sentence.He was acquitted of murdering his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and Ron Goldman -- and many legal experts feel his 33 year sentence was payback for the controversial murder trial verdict. That event, the board said, did not factor in its decision to grant parole.
Linkin Park released a new music video on the same day frontman Chester Bennington committed suicide.The American rock band released its "Talking To Myself" video at 9:01 AM ... minutes after Chester's body was discovered Thursday at a private residence in Palos Verdes Estates.The single off the band's "One More Light" album was released a while back but the video just hit the band's Twitter page and YouTube channel.TMZ broke the story ... Chester hanged himself on the day his good friend, Chris Cornell, would have turned 53. Chester was 41.
O.J. Simpson's former crib in Miami is waiting for him if he wants it should he walk free in October ... for the right price, of course.Oscar Ramirez from FB Agents Corp is the listing agent and tells us if the NFL Hall of Famer wants to buy it back, he'd consider an offer. Simpson said during his parole hearing that he'd like to move back to the Sunshine State when he's released from prison.The 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom pad sold in foreclosure for $513k in 2014 while O.J. was in prison. In a sign of the times ... the house is back on the market and its value increased exponentially -- it's for sale at $1,299,900.The Juice -- who bought the crib in 2000 -- enjoyed some fine luxury when he lived there. The 1.65 acre lot has a basketball court and separate guest house. It's since been renovated with a new kitchen and remodeled pool and porch.
The bouncer seen on video choking "American Idol" alum Haley Reinhart's friend has been arrested and charged with multiple felonies ... TMZ has learned.Adam Sobanski -- the bearded guy in a purple shirt -- was busted Wednesday and charged with 2 felony counts of aggravated battery ... strangling and aggravated battery causing great bodily harm.Authorities say Adam had no legal justification for the choke hold that caused Alan Chislof difficulty breathing. The great bodily harm charge comes from Sobanski allegedly striking Chislof in the face several times with a closed fist.TMZ broke the story ... Haley and her friends got in the middle of a melee with bouncers at Lamplighter Inn. Chislof suffered a concussion, lacerations to his temple and just above eye, bruising and hematoma.
For those wondering, French Montana has the answer for how hip-hop surpassed rock in popularity on the charts -- his new album, "Jungle Rules"!We got French out in New York where he was mobbed by fans and asked him about the new Nielsen report that hip-hop surpassed rock consumption in America by a little over 2% recently.French says he's not surprised since he thinks his own album had a lot to do with the numbers, especially when it comes to a specific audience that's eating it up.
O.J. Simpson will have the prisoners at Lovelock Correctional Center sitting on the edge of their seats.Law enforcement officials tell us Simpson's fellow inmates at the Nevada prison will have TV time when the parole hearing begins. While they can watch whatever they want ... we're told prison officials expect Simpson's hearing to be in high demand.No popcorn or snacks will be served. It's still prison, after all.One law enforcement source told us, while interest is high in what happens to O.J. -- they do expect some inmates to pass because it's a sunny day. Good time to hit the yard.
Tyga knew the deal and even threw up smoke signals for Rob Kardashian about hooking up with Blac Chyna ... but thinks Rob was ultimately blinded by love.Tyga went on "The Breakfast Club" Thursday morning and talked about his breakup with Kylie Jenner, and her brother's relationship with Chyna ... Tyga's baby mama. He says the overlapping relationships did NOT create an awkward situation, but he also knew Rob couldn't handle Chyna -- for a bunch of reasons.On the biz side ... the rapper says he had to pay a million dollars to end his contract with Cash Money -- but also claims his old label still owes him $12 mil.
Just in time for O.J. Simpson's potential release from prison ... the Juice's old driver's license issued during the heart of his murder trial is hitting the auction block!!TMZ Sports has learned 2 of O.J.'s old California licenses -- including the one issued to him while incarcerated at the L.A. County Jail in 1995 -- are going up for auction and could fetch BIG bucks.A rep for SCP Auctions tells us they acquired the licenses from one of O.J.'s old bodyguards who decided to part ways with the unique memorabilia.An interesting note ... SCP says the address listed for his '95 license -- which was given to him 4 months before he was acquitted of murder -- was the location of O.J. Simpson Enterprises.The other license going up for auction is dated February 22, 2000.SCP estimates the '95 license could go for over $5k ... while the '00 could rake in $1,500.
R. Kelly is guilty of pampering women with so much luxury they become dependent on him and don't want to leave, even though they can ... according to family members of one of the women.Our sources, related to the woman -- who was 20 when she moved in with Kelly last year -- say she met him backstage during a concert meet and greet. She communicated with the singer for about 6 months before he asked her to live with him ... and she agreed.However, we're told the woman -- who is not an aspiring singer like Joycelyn Savage -- has been free to leave Kelly's pads in Illinois and Georgia ... and has done so on multiple occasions. We're told she's flown out-of-state, unaccompanied to visit family.She's never stayed longer than a week and always returned to Kelly, who she describes as "her man."So, why does she stay? Our sources say the woman has been flown to Beverly Hills for shopping sprees, and Kelly also buys high-priced handbags, lingerie, shoes and spa trips for all of the girlfriends. We're told Kelly openly says he "wants to shower them in luxury."Not that they think Kelly is totally innocent. One family member believes Kelly has a "calculating, methodical process to groom naive girls" -- and confirmed he takes their smartphones.The woman has never mentioned any physical abuse ... nor has her family seen evidence of it. While they don't see anything criminal about Kelly's tactics, they feel he uses psychological abuse to make the girls fully reliant on him.
Another one of Cecil the Lion's sons has died the same way his father did -- shot and killed by trophy hunters in Zimbabwe.Xanda -- a 6-year-old in his prime and himself the father of several young cubs -- was reportedly killed by professional hunter Richard Cooke ... the same guy who killed Xanda's brother.Cecil was killed 2 years ago and his death -- at the hands of American dentist Walter Palmer -- sparked international outrage. Xanda was found dead still wearing an electronic collar just outside the Hwange National Park.
Ryan Seacrest can start practicing his "THIS ... is American Idol﻿" line again ... he's finally inked his deal to return as host after months of intense negotiations.Ryan confirmed the news Thursday on "Live with Kelly and Ryan" ... saying he was excited to return, and likened it to getting back in a relationship after an abrupt breakup.TMZ broke the story ... Ryan was aiming for somewhere between $10 and $15 million, but the huge hangup was getting the coveted executive producer credit. Sources involved tell us he did not get the title, and his payday will be closer to $10 mil.There were also logistical challenges. Ryan -- as first reported by TMZ -- would fly back and forth from NYC to L.A. to shoot 'A.I.' ... but a plan was hashed out so none of his jobs would be affected ... including his radio gig.
Donnell Rawlings pictures O.J. Simpson getting a hero's welcome from black America IF he's released from prison, but there's a whole new set of rules he's gonna have to learn.The comedian was leaving Gelson's in L.A. when we asked him about O.J.'s parole hearing -- which he all but calls the great escape. Donnell's got some advice for Juice on what to do and who to do it with ... if he wants to stay out of trouble -- and yeah ... there's a Kardashian connection.
Madonna's ex-boyfriend says the worn panties she sent him back in the day will hit the auction block despite legal issues, but if she wants them back ... a deal can be arranged.We got Peter Shue -- who briefly dated the Queen of Pop in 1994 -- out in Harlem and asked him about the controversy over Madonna items going up for auction ... including the panties. His take -- she gave him her worn underwear as a gift, so they're his ... and he can do whatever he wants with them.
The world hasn't seen the last of Ferrari, the guy that came between Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian, because he's negotiating with "Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta" to join the cast ... if the price is right.We're told Ferrari is "far along" in hashing out the details. Contracts have been circulated but not signed, and the unresolved issue is money. We're told he feels the show is lowballing him.Production sources say producers are into Ferrari's brashness ... specifically that he is unashamed and will go toe-to-toe with anybody. The fact that he owned the naked pics of him and Chyna are a plus ... at least the way the show sees it.
O.J. Simpson could line his pockets with cash by signing autographs, if he becomes a free man in October.David Elkouby, the owner of The Hollywood Show that specializes in celeb autographs, says O.J. would be the hottest commodity when he gets out, and he would pay Simpson thousands of dollars just to appear at a signing convention.What's more ... he says Simpson would attract a never-ending line of people clamoring for a selfie at around $30 a pop ... that adds up.The Juice has a parole hearing today and if he gets the green light, he could be loose within months.Elkouby thinks the murders are now a distant memory and it would not impede Simpson's ability to cash in ... but he's gotta act quick.


Graphic novel icon Frank Miller let his conniving producing partner screw his faithful business manager out of more than a million bucks ... according to a new lawsuit.Mark Lichtman says he worked for Miller for 28 years -- on projects like "Sin City," "300," "The Spirit" and "Sin City 2" -- until "producer" Silenn Thomas came on the scene in 2006. According to docs, Thomas started defaming Lichtman in order to force him out of the picture.In the suit, Lichtman says his contract entitled him to 10 percent commission from all of Miller's projects, and everything was copacetic until Thomas started calling him incompetent and senile. He says Miller's attorney told him he was fired in August 2014.Even after that, Lichtman says Thomas sent him nasty emails calling him a "bad jew" for demanding his 10 percent for Miller's projects. Then things got sad in 2016 -- Lichtman says he heard Frank really missed him and wondered where he'd gone ... leading Lichtman to believe Frank never wanted to fire him.Still, Lichtman's suing Miller and Thomas for more than $1 million.
John McCain has been diagnosed with brain cancer.Pathology was performed following McCain's surgery Friday to remove a blood clot, and tests showed the presence of a "primary brain tumor" known as glioblastoma.The family is now considering treatment options with his Mayo Clinic team of doctors.The 80-year-old Senator was resting at home following the removal of the blood clot last week. His absence from Congress led Republicans to defer the vote on the repeal and replacement of Obamacare.His office did not reveal a prognosis.
Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson might be shacking up together in a new crib .. kinda.Khloe and her NBA superstar BF spent their Wednesday house hunting in L.A. We're told they're not buying a house together ... he's looking to rent a place in the Hollywood Hills or the Valley where he and Khloe can stay when they're in the city. She has a house in Calabasas -- Bieber's old house -- about an hour's drive from Hollywood..We're told Tristan's budget is around $60k a month, and he wants to rent through September.Khloe's said she'd marry Tristan if he proposed ... maybe this is the first step.
R. Kelly's gotta believe there's no such thing as bad publicity now -- he has 14 upcoming shows planned and there's still huge demand for tickets ... amid allegations he's running a "cult."Kelly's gigs were already scheduled before the scandal broke, but all of them are still scheduled ... starting July 28 in Virginia Beach and running through October 8 in Ontario, Cali. We reached out to all of the venues -- 11 confirmed nothing's changed. In fact, some ... like the Chene Park Amphitheatre in Detroit, told us they've been getting a high volume of calls this week alone and are almost sold out.Others told us they hadn't even received angry calls from customers over the claims R. Kelly is holding women against their will.The only hiccup we've seen to this point is people in Baton Rouge asking for refunds on his August 12 show, but we're told ticket sales remain steady.Translation: business as usual for R. Kelly.
Dallas PD has suspended the assault investigation stemming from an incident where a man was allegedly knocked out by Ezekiel Elliott ... TMZ Sports has confirmed.The incident went down at Clutch Bar in Dallas Sunday night. Multiple witnesses have told us they observed Elliott punch a man in the face after a heated discussion.A rep for Dallas PD confirms they've suspended their investigation 'cause they haven't been able to get a hold of the victim."Dallas detectives made several attempts to contact the victim through various ways but at this time have not been able to make contact. To date no witnesses have come forward to provide any additional information about this incident."For Zeke's part, his reps have said he wasn't arrested or charged with any crime.
Jessica Alba's now tanning for 2 ... and has no problem flaunting it either.The actress put her baby bump on full display as she lounged at the beach in Hawaii Tuesday. Alba's on a babymoon getaway after announcing Monday she's expecting her third child with husband, Cash Warren.Although she's a mom these days, and expecting another, ya can't see Jessica sunbathing without reminiscing about her most famous beach pose ... from more than a decade ago.It really is like a fine wine.
Jada Pinkett Smith was all about the thug life when she first met Tupac Shakur -- maybe more than he was -- because she was the one slinging drugs.She made the confession Wednesday on "Sway in the Morning" after Sway asked her to clear up the real nature of her relationship with the legendary rapper. He's said they hooked up, but she's always said they were just best friends.
Beyonce's controversial new wax figure -- which looks a lot like "White Chicks" Bey -- has the perfect complexion ... when the lights are down low.That's Madame Tussauds' explanation for the freshly unveiled statue of Beyonce in their NYC museum. It's come under fire because ... well, there are a lot of reasons:- Fans think she looks more like Lindsay Lohan, - Or Mariah Carey- Or Kate Hudson- Or Maya Rudolph- Whoever she looks like, she's white as hellMadame Tussauds tells TMZ ... "Our talented team of sculptors takes every effort to ensure we accurately colour match all of our wax figures to the celebrity being depicted. Lighting within the attraction combined with flash photography may distort and misrepresent the colour of our wax figures."That's their story. No word if Beyonce's buying it.Megan Fox might though ... 'cause that's definitely more Megan than Bey. Right?
Madonna had no right to get a restraining order against her former friend who was on the verge of auctioning off a letter Tupac wrote the singer, and the former friend is asking a judge to unblock the sale.Darlene Lutz -- Madge's former art consultant and friend -- filed docs saying she and Madonna settled a very bitter dispute back in 2004 ... and part of the deal was that Darlene gave Madonna cash and in return Madge agreed never to go after Darlene for anything.Madonna essentially says Darlene stole the letter, along with other personal items including panties and letters to and about various celebrities.Lutz says in her new docs, filed by attorney Judd Grossman, that the material wasn't private since Madonna mailed the panties to a former BF. Darlene says, "If Madonna truly wanted privacy, then mailing her lingerie was not the way to go."As we reported ... Madonna got a judge to block the auction, which has since removed the items from its website.
O.J. Simpson was not involved in an illegal beating in prison ... if ya know what we mean.There's a story circulating that Simpson's potential parole is in jeopardy because he was caught masturbating in his cell at Lovelock Correctional Center in Nevada. Juicy plot twist, for sure ... but our law enforcement sources say it never happened.The official statement from Lovelock says, "It is against Nevada Dept. of Corrections policy to release inmate disciplinary history to the public. It is also against policy to release inaccurate information. No official from our department would have released the information in question."If you're wondering -- we know you are -- our sources say there's no hard and fast rule against masturbation in the prison, as long as you keep it to yourself. Ya know ... don't make a spectacle of your testicles.
A helicopter carrying Shane McMahon -- son of Vince -- crashed off the coast of Long Island Wednesday after the engine failed, but the WWE exec escaped unscathed.FAA sources tell TMZ Sports the Robinson R-44 chopper -- with McMahon and a pilot onboard -- conducted an emergency landing after an the malfunction.Shortly before ending up in the Atlantic, the chopper departed Westchester airport in NY.We're told the pilot issued a mayday call prior to the crash landing. Once in the water, emergency crews responded and rescued the men.McMahon, 47, is the Commissioner of "SmackDown LIVE."The FAA is investigating the crash.
The judge denied Quincy's motion to add financial elder abuse to the lawsuit.Quincy Jones says he's the victim of elder abuse in his legal war over Michael Jackson royalties.According to new docs filed in the case -- which went to trial this week in L.A. -- Quincy says Sony Music and MJJ Productions took advantage of his advanced age. He's 84 now, and in the docs, says he was clearly over 65 at the time he sat down with the music execs to talk dough.Quincy says Sony and MJJ pulled an accounting trick on him -- labeling a pot of money from MJ's music as profits, instead of royalties ... to which he would have been entitled a cut.In short ... he's accusing them of bamboozling an old man.Of course, Q produced MJ's 3 biggest albums -- "Off the Wall," "Thriller" and "Bad" -- and says the defendants have screwed him out of money earned off that amazing string of hits.
Snoop Dogg -- UFC broadcasting GOAT?Here's video of Snoop going CRAZY for fighter Sean O'Malley on "Dana White's Tuesday Night Contender Series" ... after O'Malley 1-punch KOs his opponent.Seriously ... Snoop absolutely loses his mind -- and it's amazing. His line right before the KO was epic too.Dana rewarded S.O. with a UFC contract, but O'Malley's real prize came after the show ... when Snoop hooked him up with what looks like a victory blunt!!FYI, this is only the 2nd episode of Dana's new Fight Pass series -- which features "Snoopcast" every week.Can't wait for episode 3.
Kanye West is a shoe-in when it comes to inspirational stories.The rapper heard the story of Tyler Wesley, a fan who suffered a devastating spinal cord injury 5 years ago in a roll-over car accident. A C-4 vertebrae break on his neck left him paralyzed from the shoulders down.Progress ⚽️🙏🏾A post shared by Tyler Wesley (@t_wes44) on Jan 29, 2017 at 6:14pm PSTTyler's defied the odds -- doctors told him he wouldn't walk again but he's literally taken steps to get back on his feet with the help of therapists and a walker.Ye was so moved he sent Tyler custom white Yeezy Boosts 350 along with a note ... "You show the world anything is possible."
One of these chicks used to bang Tyga ... the other was probably a scented candle.Kylie Jenner hit up Madame Tussauds in Hollywood Tuesday for the unveiling of her doppelganger ... and it's absolutely uncanny. Seriously, pop quiz, hot shot -- if they were dressed alike, would you really be able to tell 'em apart?Even Kylie had some fun with her new BFF on social media.The real winner here is Tyga. There IS another, and she's a real cheap date!A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Jul 18, 2017 at 9:04pm PDT
Joycelyn Savage's father knows EXACTLY who got her involved with R. Kelly, and how she ended up living with the singer ... because she claims her dad helped orchestrate the whole thing.Sources close to Joycelyn tell TMZ ... the 21-year-old singer's father, Timothy, was on board with his daughter going to live with Kelly almost 2 years ago after Joycelyn and Kelly met at a concert.We're told the eventual plan -- hatched by Dad, R. Kelly and others -- was for Joycelyn to stay at Kelly's house to develop as a singer under his tutelage. We're told Timothy was the one who dropped her off at a friend's house to be driven to Kelly's.Our sources say Timothy knew Joycelyn would stay with Kelly for some extended period -- perhaps months -- but had no idea it would be for years. As Joycelyn first told us ... it's been about 6 months since she's seen her family in person -- but she's telling friends her dad knows her exact whereabouts.She's refused to reveal her location to us.
Danielle Bregoli's dad says his estranged daughter is such a big shot making loads of dough he shouldn't have to pay child support anymore.Ira Peskowitz filed docs in Palm Beach County, Florida saying the 14-year-old's a celebrity who can provide for herself, so he shouldn't have to fork $1,100 a month to provide for her.In docs, obtained by TMZ ... Ira slams Danielle's mom for allegedly exploiting their kid. He says Barbara Bregoli "is exploiting the minor child as a 'celebrity' for the child's bad behavior."He goes on to say it "is fueling a downward spiral of dangerously inappropriate, antisocial and possibly criminal behavior."It's ironic ... the alleged exploitation is the basis for him asking the judge to terminate his obligation.Say what you want about Danielle, but we're told she's earned a small fortune since February.As we've reported ... Danielle shot back at her estranged dad for trying to get into her business ... long after their relationship went kaput.Danielle tells us, "I never heard from my father until I got famous. Believe what y'all want but it's all bulls*** and I'm doing great. He just wants money."
Caitlyn Jenner better reconsider making a run for the U.S. Senate ... at least according to her ex-wife, Linda Thompson.We got Linda, who was married to Caitlyn for 5 years, outside their son Brandon's Tuesday night gig at L.A.'s Belasco Theater -- and asked her about the political buzz.Caitlyn said this week she's been mulling over a Senate run, but it's clear Linda won't be voting for her if she does.She'll happily give CJ a good hearty laugh though!
Killer Mike's take on freedom of speech is simple -- even stupid people have the right to do stupid crap.We got Mike at LAX Tuesday night and asked him for his take on the "Big Brother" controversy. You'll recall, 'BB' star Paul Abrahamian planned to wear blackface for a stunt to mock a fellow houseguest ... who is black.Mike's adamant -- people have the right to be stupid but not without consequence.In Paul's case, the firestorm's already impacted his family's life ... his mom says she's received death threats but she insists her son's not a racist.
Rosie O'Donnell's all for killing President Trump in a video game ... at the very least.Rosie's been getting her kicks playing an online game called "Push Trump Off a Cliff Again" and she's promoting it on her social media. Not exactly shocking considering she's never hid her hatred for Trump, and vice versa.Push Trump Off A Cliff Again https://t.co/YguB3aG8EPOn the other hand ... it's pretty bold for her to promote even virtual violence against POTUS in the wake of Kathy Griffin's bloody head debacle. And remember Rosie had to eat crow after a verbal attack on the President's son, Barron.
Chris Christie ﻿made a helluva catch, snagging a foul ball at Tuesday's NY Mets game ... and the reaction was pretty much what you'd expect.BOOOOOOOOOOO!!But fans weren't the only ones lighting up the NJ Governor -- Christie also got zinged by the Fox Sports TV announcers for his infamous day of fun in the sun.“Nice to see him get from the beach here to the ballpark," the play-by-play man said. His broadcast partner loved it.It's been a rough month for Christie ... his big beach day also got blasted during his audition to host Mike Francesa's sports talk show.But it's not the first time C.C.'s showed off his baseball skills ... we've seen him lookin' like Aaron Judge at a charity softball game a few years back.
Aaron Carter was opening his door while driving and swerving all over the road -- until he drove right past a parked cop ... according to an extremely worried 911 caller.In the audio obtained by TMZ, the caller says he'd been following the Chevy Suburban, and saw it go all the way from the median to the guardrail. Once he got close enough, he declared ... "Oh, he looks like he is on something."What's interesting is the caller points out a cop was sitting nearby as Aaron was pulling his SUV into the AutoZone where he was arrested. That totally syncs up with the arresting deputy's report.As we reported, Aaron's threatening to go after cops because he's says they never saw him behind the wheel ... and, therefore, had no right to arrest him.
The "Long Island Medium" aka Theresa Caputo is usually the one talking to dead people but Tuesday the man up above was doing the talking after thunder struck out of nowhere.The video's a little eerie ... Theresa had just arrived at Reagan National Airport in D.C. where she nearly brought a fan to tears. When we asked her if she ever talks to dead celebs or politicians ... Theresa got a sign from the heavens she should keep her mouth shut.
Bethenny Frankel never signed off on being in a commercial for eBay, but they went ahead and aired it anyway ... according to new legal docs.Frankel's camp claims she was in talks with eBay and an ad agency about running an ad featuring clips from last season's 'Real Housewives of New York' ... but no deal was ever struck. However, the commercial still went live on "multiple media outlets" last week ... according to the docs.So, Frankel fired off a cease and desist letter to eBay demanding they pay up for using her name and likeness or yank the ad. And she says even if they pull the spot immediately, they'll still owe her for the week it aired.As for the ad -- it's a spoof featuring fellow 'RHONY' star Dorinda Medley ... who's apparently totally cool with being in it.Not the same handbag as everyone else!! 😂 thank you for this @eBay @bethennyfrankel #wow #didyoucheckebay?!A post shared by Dorinda Medley (@dorindamedley) on Jul 13, 2017 at 8:02am PDT
Kid Rock's getting a big endorsement, and a big thumbs down, even before he officially runs for a Michigan Senate seat -- in other words ... welcome to politics, Kid!We got former U.S. Senator and New York Governor George Pataki in NYC, and he thinks the rock star is exactly the kinda candidate the GOP needs now. Ditto for Caitlyn Jenner, who's made some noise about possibly entering politics.Rock launched KidRockforSenate.com Monday and posted campaign signs all over social media.However, another staunch Republican, Herman Cain, crapped all over Candidate Kid and Caitlyn. Interesting ... the guy who backs Donald Trump clearly doesn't think all celebs are fit for office.
Good news Laker fans ... a new era of Showtime could be right around the corner, that's according to Magic Johnson's wife, Cookie, who says Lonzo Ball has what it takes to be the next Magic.Lonzo's been KILLIN' it in the Summer League, serving notice to the entire basketball world that he's really, really, good.Question is, just how good can he be?Cookie thinks he can be as good as her All-Universe husband, and told us as much when we got her out in Beverly Hills.We'd say it's unfair to put such Hall of Fame expectations on the kid, but for some reason we think he's used to it.
"Big Brother" fans got the wrong idea about Paul Abrahamian's "blackface" or "black mask" stunt ... at least according to his mom.Paul's ma tells us the point of her son's plot -- which he hasn't actually pulled off yet -- is to poke fun at, and own up to the "snake" accusations his nemesis, Dominique, keeps hurling at him ... by dressing up as one.Of course, she can't talk to Paul while he's in the house but insists he'd never race bait another 'BB' houseguest because he's Lebanese-Armenian, and has been called a terrorist and accused of being in the Taliban. So, she knows he wouldn't stoop to using racist tactics.Mom wanted to speak up only because she's received death threats on social media like ... "Your house should burn down and everyone in it."She says Paul's just putting together a funny, makeshift snake costume. Nothing more than that. Mom's honor.


Ryan Seacrest may have found the next American Idol ... on the subway in NYC.The morning talk show co-host was using public transpo Tuesday when a guy busted out a rousing rendition of "Stand by Me" ... so he started recording. The presumed host of the 'A.I.' reboot didn't seem to know all the words, but still enjoyed the show.Ryan got a gentle reminder at the end, though -- this ain't an 'Idol' audition ... and filmed performances ain't free.He should be able to afford it ... he's expected to bank $10-15 million to join the 'A.I.' team.
Ron White's pending divorce just took another major twist -- because he says his so-called estranged wife isn't really his wife, anyway.According to docs filed by Ron ... Margo Rey's divorce filing last month was totally bogus, because she was never legally married to him. Although they had a wedding ceremony in October 2013, White says they never got a marriage license.As for Margo claiming they had a common law marriage in Texas -- Ron calls BS in the docs ... saying they never lived together there as husband and wife and "never represented to others that they were married."He's also quick to point out there's no common law marriage in Cali ... so he wants the whole divorce tossed outta court.
China's Internet crackdown on memes comparing President Xi Jinping to Winnie the Pooh is a major overreaction not worthy of even a bother ... according to the guy who gives Pooh a voice.Jim Cummings -- the voice of Pooh since the '80s -- told us China and Prez Xi are taking the comparison all wrong, because it's actually a good thing.The memes started with a side-by-side image of Pooh and Tigger with a 2013 pic of Xi and President Obama -- and took off from there. Well, up until the government started blocking the images on all public sites and forums.
Joycelyn Savage -- the woman whose father claims she's being held captive in an R. Kelly run "cult" -- has a direct message for her fam -- SHUT THE HELL UP!!!In a video obtained by TMZ, Joycelyn slams her father, Tim Savage, for going to the media with his allegations. She reiterates she's happy where she is, and also strongly hints her father knows more than he's letting on ... regarding her relationship with Kelly.Joycelyn insists her dad is embarrassing her, and she can't believe he's taken things this far. Although, she's outdoors in this video she still won't give up her location -- she says for "safety reasons."
Terrell Owens is gettin' the cold shoulder from Ice Cube ... 'cause the ex-NFL superstar's plea to join the Big3 has been officially shut down by the league's founding father himself.ICYMI -- We talked to T.O. last week about wanting to join ex-NBA hoopers like Allen Iverson, Chauncey Billups and Ricky Davis in Cube's new 3-on-3 league ... and he said he was 100% serious about joining in on the fun.But Cube was quick to shut down the idea ... telling TMZ Sports T.O. ain't exempt from Rule #1 of the Big 3 -- ex-NBA players ONLY!!So it looks like it's back to the celebrity games and the Drew League for T.O.'s hoop dreams.
R. Kelly is an unsexy, unsavory person who's been getting a pass for way too long ... according to Tiffany Haddish and Charlamagne tha God.The "Girls Trip" star and the co-host of "The Breakfast Club" were at Heavvy Set's No Kid Hungry event in NYC ... when they went off about the latest Kelly allegations -- that he's keeping women in a "cult." They both wonder why the public keeps letting him off the hook.Their point is ... other celebs have been ousted from "the culture" for doing far less than Kelly -- and they really take issue with his self-dubbed nickname.
5:35 PM PT -- According to a report, a judge in NYC just ordered the auction site to remove the items.4:07 PM PT -- A spokesperson for Gotta Have Rock and Roll website and Lutz tells TMZ, "Madonna and her legal army have taken what we believe to be a completely baseless and meritless action to temporarily halt the sale of Ms. Lutz’s legal property. We believe that her intent is nothing more than to besmirch the good reputations of the auction house and Ms. Lutz. Madonna's allegations will be vigorously challenged and refuted in a court of law in due course."Madonna isn't gonna sit back and watch her jailhouse letter from Tupac get sold in an auction ... because she says it was jacked from her home.Madge filed an emergency court order Tuesday in NYC to block the website gottahaverockandroll.com from hawking the letter and a ton of other personal memorabilia -- including personally worn panties.In docs, obtained by TMZ, Madonna says she was blindsided by the auction, and says she never knew some of these items were no longer in her possession. Madonna believes a former friend and art consultant, Darlene Lutz, betrayed her by taking the loot.We broke the story ... Pac wrote an extremely revealing letter from prison explaining why he had to end his relationship with Madonna -- because she was white and continuing the relationship would hurt his image.According to the docs -- first reported by the Daily News -- the Tupac letter, a pair of her "personally worn panties," letters from her pal, Rosie O'Donnell, and several other handwritten notes to family members were never sold or gifted to anyone.Bottom line -- it's a material world, she's a material girl ... and she wants her stuff.
Eva Longoria and her husband's honeymoon phase still seems to be in full swing after more than a year of marriage -- boobs in the face will do that!Eva and her media mogul hubby, Jose Baston, hit the beach in Marbella, Spain Tuesday ... and he had a particularly nice view as she helped him up from the water.The couple tied the knot in May 2016 and show no signs of slowing down with the fun activities.Now this is effective marriage counseling.
Footage from the alleged Ezekiel Elliott incident has emerged showing the victim beaten, lying in a pool of blood ... before being carried out of a Dallas bar.In the video obtained by TMZ Sports, the victim -- moments after the alleged altercation -- appears unable to stand under his own power.The witness who took the video tells us they saw Elliott and the man arguing, and then saw Zeke punch the guy in the nose ... sending him to the floor of Clutch Bar.The account syncs up with what other witnesses have told us.Dallas PD are currently investigating the incident. They have not named any suspects.Elliott's reps have only said their client was not arrested ... or charged with a crime.
Aaron Carter's troubles started hours before his DUI refusal arrest -- including a run-in with cops when he couldn't pay his bill for repairing a flat tire.Aaron pulled into the Walmart Supercenter in Commerce, Georgia on Saturday after blowing out a tire on his Chevy Suburban. According to a source he was riding on the rims when he arrived. We're told he left the SUV at the tire center and about an hour later returned to pay, but his credit cards were declined.Aaron told employees he'd call his manager to figure out the issue, but they were worried he might have a spare key and flee without paying ... so someone called cops.We're told officers briefly spoke to Aaron, but the issue was resolved when a fan offered to pay the $110 bill if Aaron gave her an autograph and took a pic. Aaron obliged and left without incident.About 2 hours later, he was arrested for DUI refusal about 30 min away in Cornelia, Georgia.Aaron's rep tells us his manager had canceled his credit cards after his wallet was recently stolen.
Now we know ... Rumi Carter is the big sis and Sir is the little bro -- their birth certificates reveal when and how they came into the world.TMZ obtained the docs for Beyonce and Jay-Z's twins, and it nails down their delivery date and time -- June 13 at 5:13 AM. Rumi came out first, and Sir followed shortly thereafter.What's really interesting is the doctor who pulled off the delivery -- none other than Dr. Paul Crane. The same guy who delivered Kim and Kourtney Kardashian's 5 kids ... and Rob and Blac Chyna's little girl, Dream.
Kanye West didn't fail on his promise to deliver his album, "The Life of Pablo," exclusively to Tidal ... which means pissed fans have no business suing him ... according to Kanye, anyway.'Ye responded to the class action lawsuit which claims he conned people into getting Tidal on the basis it would be the only place they could hear his album when it came out in February 2016.Kanye says after he initially released 'Pablo' numerous changes have been made to the album, and the versions now available on competing streaming services are different. He insists the original 'Pablo' has only been on Tidal.In the lawsuit, fans accuse Kanye of backing out of his promise, especially after he tweeted 'Pablo' would never be on Apple Music, and would only be available for sale or streaming ... on Tidal.In his new docs, however, Kanye says another tweet proves his point ... that 'Pablo' has been a "living breathing changing creative expression." He wants the lawsuit dismissed.
Nicole Scherzinger and her Bulgarian pro tennis player boyfriend, Grigor Dimitrov, are far from splitting up, but that doesn't mean they can't pull off the splits.The former Pussycat Doll pulled out some of her old tricks while lounging around Monday on the Italian isle of Capri.Some people relax while on vacation ... Nicole and Grigor, who is ranked number 10 in the world and got beaten by Roger Federer in the fourth round of Wimbledon, got in a little yoga, a swim sesh and a whole lotta PDA.Losing can't be that bad when you follow it up with Nicole on vacation.
R. Kelly's been challenged to a showdown in court ... from the father of one of Kelly's alleged captives, Joycelyn Savage.Tim Savage responded to the video TMZ posted of his daughter. As we first reported ... Joycelyn insists she is not being held against her will, and wants her family to stop contacting her.But Savage says the video proves his point ... especially because Joycelyn would not say where she is currently. In denying the allegations, Kelly's camp said they would go after his accusers -- but Savage says bring it on.As for Joycelyn's claim she's just fine -- her father told us, "I'm praying for you, baby."
Blac Chyna's back to familiar surroundings ... with money flying all over the place and asses all up in her grill.BC hit up Ace of Diamonds in WeHo Monday night for her hosting gig ... y'know, the one she lobbied for in the aftermath of her social media war with baby daddy Rob Kardashian.Blac Chyna scored $10k for the job and wasn't stingy with it. She spread some of the cash -- looks like Washingtons, not Benjamins -- while taking in a few lap dances. Mally Mall was also there admiring the views.Outside the club ... it was total chaos when Chyna arrived, and cops even had to help with crowd control. We captured the scene in 360. Enjoy!
Kermit the Frog always said it wasn't easy being green, but it's the blues that got his longtime puppeteer, Steve Whitmire, fired ... according to Jim Henson's daughter.Cheryl Henson ripped Whitmire's on-the-job performance, saying he was making Kermit a "bitter, angry, depressed, victim. Worst of all, in the past few years he had not been funny or fun."She says it was high time to make a change, and implored Whitmire ... "Stop with the pity party!"Whitmire was canned last week, and bitched that Disney let him go over the phone.The Muppets Studio issued a statement Monday, saying the official reason they pulled the trigger was "unacceptable business conduct" -- which is pretty much what Cheryl said ... with bigger words.
The woman whose family claims R. Kelly is holding her in a "cult" has a message for the world -- she's totally happy and okay ... although she's keeping her whereabouts under wraps.We spoke to Joycelyn Savage, the 21-year-old whose father, mother and sister held a news conference Monday to accuse Kelly of essentially making Joycelyn and other women his sex slaves -- but she claims she's exactly where she wants to be. She says she still gets texts from her parents, but explains why she's cut off all communication with them.Still, there was a lot she wouldn't address -- such as where she is now, or exactly what her relationship is with Kelly. He's denied the accusations and hinted he might take legal action against the Savage family.Joycelyn's father, Timothy, believes his daughter is experiencing Stockholm Syndrome -- so, it's doubtful he'll buy what she said to us, but judge for yourself.
9:15 AM PT -- Ed reactivated his account. Looks like he's starting fresh by deleting tweets all the way back to April 3, 2015 and only with about 8k followers.Ed Sheeran got beat like Ramsay Bolton in the Battle of the Bastards -- enough "Game of Thrones" fans lit him up for his singing cameo that he's bowed out of the Twittersphere.Ed deleted his 19.6 million-strong account Monday night after haters bombarded him with criticism for the very brief scene -- which many thought was too real for the fantasy world of 'GoT.'Ed did say he'd be quitting Twitter about a month ago, but the timing is still a little suspect. His other social media pages are intact.Important note for the haters ... his performance couldn't have been that bad since Sunday's season 7 premiere broke HBO's viewership record ... up 27% from last year's premiere.
How does Marlon Wayans feel about Mike Vick telling Colin Kaepernick to cut his afro?"Aw, Mike Vick! You had damn cornrows! What the hell!"Marlon says Vick is dead wrong with his image makeover advice for the out-of-work QB -- telling TMZ Sports Kaep's hair has nothing to do with his current employment status.Wayans says he's got a lot of respect for Colin for taking a stand -- but says at the end of the day, he needed to silence his critics by showing out on the field ... and that didn't happen."You can't kneel AND throw interceptions!" Wayans says ... "You ain't gonna score? You ain't gonna have them yards? You better stand up and pledge allegiance, sir!""First thing we got to get Colin to do is cut his hair." — @MikeVick advises Kaepernick on rebuilding his image pic.twitter.com/YENvUPOIgP
R. Kelly's Georgia crib was more of a party house than the home base of an abusive cult ... according to neighbors who are shocked at claims the singer was holding women against their will.Neighbors inside the gated Duluth, GA community tell us they were aware of "a bunch" of women coming and going, but say nothing seemed untoward at the rented home. The women were clearly partying with Kelly and his crew, but seemed to come and go as they pleased.We're told R. Kelly and his crew would show up every few months and stay less than a week. Neighbors mostly saw the women heading out to party, returning late at night ... and getting food deliveries.It's not like they were afraid of confronting Kelly either -- one neighbor told us they had a problem with his big SUV limo blocking the street when he was in town, and complained about it. We're told they would absolutely have reported it if they'd seen evidence of the new explosive allegations.The house in question has been vacant for several months.
Sharon Tate's sister is trying to calm Jennifer Lawrence's fans -- instead of saying J Law isn't pretty enough to play Sharon ... she just thinks she's not the right kinda pretty.Debra Tate's been getting blasted on social media ever since her now infamous comment to us about Jennifer potentially filling the Sharon role in Quentin Tarantino's Manson murders movie.She tried to walk it back with Team J Law, but there's still some brutal honesty. Deb did admit even her first pick, Margot Robbie, might not be right for the job.For the record, she's reached out to Quentin about the movie. Debra controls the rights to Sharon's likeness, and therefore wants to discuss her sister's portrayal.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers aren't retiring anytime soon, at least not according to Flea -- but it might depend on who you ask in the band.The legendary bassist was in Switzerland -- where RHCP's headlining the Paleo Festival -- and we asked him about the big rumor that this could be their last tour. Flea says that would be news to him, and anyone else in the band, because they've made no plans to hang it up.The retirement buzz started after drummer Chad Smith went on the 'Eddie Trunk Podcast,' and revealed a convo he and Flea had about life on the road. Sounds like Flea's laughing that off now, 'cause he's clearly still about the music ... even at 54.
Wes Scantlin didn't let a thunderstorm ruin the night for a bunch of Puddle of Mudd fans ... after the rest of the band's flights got canceled, he whipped out a one man show instead.PoM was scheduled to play in Hartford Friday but Wes, who flew separately, was the only one who managed to get in town, while his bandmates were stuck in Baltimore.Normally, it's Wes missing flights or derailing shows -- but he decided to wing it with an acoustic guitar ... since the only other option was canceling the gig. We got footage of him playing PoM's "Blurry" ... which some fans said sounded Kurt Cobain-esque.


Mike Vick says Colin Kaepernick should chop off his afro and go with a more "clean cut" hairstyle if he really wants a shot at playing in the NFL again.Vick laid out his strategy for the QB during an appearance on FS1's "Speak for Yourself" -- saying Kaepernick needs to change his appearance to something more "presentable."Vick says he loves Kaep to death and says he wants the guy to rehab his image so he can play in the NFL again.He also believes Colin is mainly unemployed due to poor play and not because of his National Anthem protest.
President Trump hopped aboard a shiny red American-made fire truck at the White House Monday, and posed an unintentionally hilarious question ... "Where's the fire?"POTUS smilingly got behind the wheel -- much like a wide-eyed little kid -- outside the White House with VP Pence and Sean Spicer nearby. It was all part of an event to kick off the administration's "Made in America" week.President Trump in fire truck. Reflection of Press Secretary Sean Spicer #caughtgrammin'. pic.twitter.com/klwNZaEiNYBy the looks of it, the Prez loved playing fireman in his youth. As for his question?
R. Kelly's vehemently denying explosive allegations that he's the mastermind behind an abusive "cult" that subjects women to sex slavery.A rep for the singer tells TMZ, "Mr. Robert Kelly is both alarmed and disturbed by the recent revelations attributed to him. Mr. Kelly unequivocally denies such accusations and will work diligently and forcibly to pursue his accusers and clear his name."A BuzzFeed report paints R. Kelly as a monster who allegedly housed 6 women in Chicago and Atlanta and controlled their everyday lives -- from when they can shower, eat and use the restroom to how they can dress and engage in sexual encounters.TMZ has confirmed cops in Georgia and Illinois conducted welfare checks for one of the women ... at her parents' request. According to docs, obtained by TMZ, the woman told deputies she was fine and "did not want to be bothered with her parents because her father was threatening people."Story developing ...
Throw Justin Timberlake's name in the hat to play Rafiki in the live-action 'Lion King' flick -- 'cause he executed the Simba lift on a baby to perfection at a golf tourney ... and TMZ Sports has the video.JT and Steph Curry were in between holes at the American Century Celebrity Golf Championship in Tahoe this weekend -- when a new dad (who happens to be a military vet) asked the guys to take a pic with his kid!Timberlake obliged and held up the baby for all to see ... while Steph busted out the "Circle of Life" intro.Speaking of 'Lion King,' Donald Glover is playing Simba in the new movie ... how awesome is that?!
Aaron Carter was spotted behind the wheel -- despite his claims -- before cops busted him ... this according to the police report.TMZ obtained the report, which contradicts Aaron's claim that cops never saw him driving, and therefore shouldn't have arrested him for DUI refusal in Cornelia, Georgia.In the docs, a Habersham County Sheriff's deputy says he saw Aaron pull into the AutoZone parking lot after an alert went out for someone "driving all over the road and running into the median," in a white Chevy Suburban with no tags.Aaron's rep says "the car was swerving because it was out of alignment not because he was drunk."The deputy then approached him and observed his "eyes to be blood shot and watery with a glazed look to them." Aaron's girlfriend, cops say, then started acting belligerent.During field sobriety testing, cops say Aaron talked to himself, lost his balance, swayed and had trouble tracking movement with his eyes.Cops also say they observed "body tremors" in his legs and arms before he was arrested.
Irina Shayk and Bradley Cooper's baby girl is showing off her genes.While Bradley was taking in Roger Federer's Wimbeldon victory, Irina and 4-month-old Lea de Seine got in their own sports action in L.A. with a hike. Well, Mom did the hiking, Lea was just the super cute window dressing.This is our first glimpse of the infant, and can't say we're too surprised at her adorableness. As they say ... consider the source.Summer with @intimissimiofficial 💚A post shared by irinashayk (@irinashayk) on Jul 16, 2017 at 5:11am PDT
Rapper 40 Glocc was among 4 people arrested in a prostitution sting in Minnesota ... TMZ has learned.According to court docs ... the incident went down back in February when Glocc was arrested on 2 counts of intentionally promoting the prostitution of an individual and 1 count of inducing an individual to practice prostitution.In docs, obtained by TMZ ... on February 23, the 41-year-old drove a woman to an unknown location after an undercover cop contacted her through an ad posted on Backpage.com. The woman was arrested but not before cops noticed a Bluetooth headset around her neck with a live call on the phone.While processing the woman, cops noticed the car that dropped her off took off. Cops ultimately located the car and found Glocc with cuts on his hands from allegedly smashing multiple cell phones in his possession to avoid detection. Glocc was arrested.
"Big Brother" is about to explode with a racist controversy ... if houseguest Paul Abrahamian follows through with plans to dress in black face to mock a fellow houseguest ... who is black.Paul hatched his plot over the weekend -- fans watching the live feed watched him whisper to other houseguests, who are white, about dressing in dark leggings and "blackface." Later, he instead used the term "black mask."Paul's had beef with Dominique on the show because they've accused each other of pulling double-crosses. While discussing his plan for revenge, Paul said he was trying to look like a snake ... because that's what he's called her, and vice versa.Whether it's blackface or black mask ... many fans are pissed for the obvious reasons: going after a black houseguest is racially insensitive at best -- or intentionally racist, at worst.There are black,snakes BUT,should have more morals to know thats not a good idea IF that isnt his intent! 😡Unclear if Paul will go through with his plan or if producers will step in, and tell him to 86 the whole idea. We've reached out to CBS ... no word back yet.
DMX is no longer on lockdown in the NYC area ... but only if he's traveling to make a dime.The rapper -- with an entourage about 20 deep -- showed up in court Monday for a hearing to see if the judge would lift travel restrictions imposed after his arrest for tax evasion. You'll recall DMX pled not guilty to 14 counts of tax evasion and as part of his bail wasn't allowed to leave the NYC area.The judge now says he CAN leave NYC, but he'll need to file a formal request with the court before he can bounce.TMZ broke the story ... The U.S. Attorney's Office in NYC said the rapper owes the IRS $1.7 million after concealing several years' worth of income.
Rob Lowe got a head start on shark week ... paddleboarding with not one but TWO great white sharks, and TMZ has the awesome video!!!Rob showed no fear among these magnificent beasts last weekend off the coast of Santa Barbara. Rob -- who famously grew up in Malibu -- says it's the first time he's ever laid eyes on great whites.Check it out ... Rob's trademark cool, calm and collected demeanor is on full display as the sharks swim below him. He's not just a pretty face -- he's clearly a wildlife nerd, too!
This picture of Julianne Hough proves two things ... her husband, Brooks Laich, is one helluva photographer -- and she's got some of the hardest abs in Hollywood.Truth is you don't have to be a good photographer when you're shooting Jules in a bikini on what looks like a deserted tropical island with abs that rival The Rock.The pro dancer and the NHL star got hitched last week in Idaho and jetted off to a tropical destination, and Laich is taking in some of the best views on vacation. Lucky guy.Mazel.
1:45 PM PT -- Dallas PD was filmed by multiple news cameras arriving at Clutch Bar this afternoon ... but cops were tight lipped about the exact reason for their visit, and where the case stands.7:54 AM PT -- TMZ Sports has obtained video of the victim moments after he was struck in the face by an assailant at Clutch Bar in Dallas.The person who shot the video tells us the man was involved in a verbal altercation with a woman who was in Ezekiel's party ... when Ezekiel got involved.The witness says she saw Ezekiel punch the man -- corroborating the story the victim's friend told police. However, cops at the scene could not confirm Zeke was the attacker and he has not been arrested or charged with a crime.In the video, you can see the victim writhing in pain on the ground. We're told he was on the ground for a few minutes.An ambulance arrived to the scene, and you can see the man being treated by paramedics outside the bar. He was transported to a nearby hospital.Elliott's people will only say the RB was not arrested and no complaint has been filed against him.We spoke with the NFL -- and we're told the league is now looking into the matter to "understand the facts."6:32 AM PT -- The Dallas PD now says it DOES have a record of an incident at Clutch Bar and it appears to be connected the Ezekiel Elliott investigation.We spoke with SGT. Williams who tells us ... cops were called to Clutch around 9:30 PM for a "disturbance."Cops at the bar spoke to a man who said his nose was just broken -- but the man appeared to be extremely intoxicated and couldn't remember who hit him.The man's friend told police, "It was that Dallas Cowboys running back."We're told the victim was transported to a nearby hospital for his injuries.Cops said they did NOT speak with Elliott at the scene. He was not at the club by the time they tried to look for him.Cops said, based on the lack of information and the fact the accuser appeared to be intoxicated, no arrests were made.A rep for Elliott would only say his client was not arrested and no formal criminal complaint has been filed against the RB.Ezekiel Elliott was involved in an incident Sunday night at Clutch Bar in Dallas, TMZ Sports has confirmed with a source directly involved in the situation.The details about what went down inside the bar are still sketchy -- we're digging.TMZ Sports spoke with multiple people at the Dallas Police Dept. -- but no one seems to have a record of an incident involving the Dallas Cowboys running back.In fact, we were specifically told by a Sgt. that the only arrest in that area was for public intoxication, but it wasn't related to Zeke.We're also told there were off-duty DPD police officers working at Clutch late Sunday night but none of those officers filed a report detailing a bar fight or mentioning an incident with Ezekiel.There is buzz on social media that the incident is a fight and Elliott was the aggressor -- but at this point, no one we've spoken with can confirm that.
Aaron Carter's threatening to go after cops for his DUI refusal arrest because he's adamant they never saw him behind the wheel ... and believes they had no right to arrest him.Sources close to Aaron tell TMZ ... the singer wants to sue over his weekend bust in Cornelia, Georgia where he refused a breathalyzer and testing of his blood and urine to determine if he was intoxicated.TMZ's obtained photos of the moment Habersham County deputies searched through Aaron and his girlfriend's belongings in an AutoZone parking lot. Aaron says he was targeted because of his celebrity.He had said he was at AutoZone to fix his car's alignment. His rep says there's surveillance footage to prove he wasn't in the car when he was arrested.
Ed Sheeran didn't stray far from his lane for his "Game of Thrones" debut, but not everyone is convinced he deserves two thumbs up for the performance.Sheeran's brief appearance on the show is now one of the most talked about things about Sunday night's season 7 premiere. The reviews are mixed ... which is weird since he had a trivial role and stuck mostly to singing ... by a campfire, while eating rabbit.Word of Sheeran's cameo role came out back in March -- and the show's had a bunch of other musicians on it like Coldplay's Will Champion and Snow Patrol's Gary Lightbody. So, maybe expectations were just too high.
"American Idol" contestant Haley Reinhart's friend suffered horrendous injuries the night she was arrested after a bar bouncer put him in a choke hold and allegedly beat him.TMZ broke the story, Haley was arrested for allegedly punching the security guard in the face, but she says she was just trying to get the bouncer to release what she thought was a death grip.Haley's friend, Alan Chislof, suffered a concussion, facial laceration near his right temple, a bad cut above his left eye, facial bruising and hematoma. The choke hold caused blood to flow to his eyes and he looks like he went 5 rounds with Mayweather. He says he's coughing up blood and complaining of chest pain.Chislof's lawyer, Mark Brown, now promises a lawsuit.We also got video of the confrontation, and gotta say ... it seems to support Haley's version of events.
Ex-con Jeremy Meeks isn't just a model ... he's a role model for the likes of O.J. Simpson ... or at least he thinks he can be.Jeremy and his heiress gf, Chloe Green, drew a crowd Sunday night outside Madeo in WeHo -- and since he's flourishing in post-lockup life, we asked if he had any advice for Simpson ... who could be a free man again within months.Seeing as how Meeks has been traveling the world, and living it up in Hollywood with the woman who stands to inherit the Topshop fortune, our advice to O.J. is ... listen to this guy.
Shia LaBeouf's mugging for the camera, but no police involvement this time -- instead, he's spreading the love on the J-O-B.Shia's still shooting "The Peanut Butter Falcon" in Savannah, GA ... and took a bunch of selfies with fans, and hugged it out with his co-star, Zack Gottsagen.Despite the violent and racist rants he made during his arrest for public intoxication ... people on set tell us Shia's remained a model actor while shooting. Looks like he's letting the rest of the town see that side of himself. As we told you, Shia also says he wants to make good with Savannah cops.Baby steps.
9:21 AM -- Ryan just tweeted the injury is the result of a freak accident, NOT an injury he suffered doing a stunt or anywhere near the set of "Shooter."Ryan Phillippe's learning the hard way ... breaking a leg as an actor ain't always a good thing.The "Shooter" star is laid up in a hospital bed with his right leg bandaged up -- also looks like he has a cast around his ankle. It's unclear what he broke, but based on the hardware fixed on the leg ... we're guessing there was some surgery involved.No word if it's a work related injury, but Ryan captioned the pic, "I'm going to be ok and I appreciate your concern." A few hours later he changed his tune a bit, tweeting, "this sucks."
51-year-old Michael Irvin says he's itchin' for a fight -- a real MMA match -- telling TMZ Sports, "I would whoop somebody up!"The NFL Hall of Famer is still in incredible shape and actually does MMA training at a gym by his home. But Irvin says he's a gamer -- and wants to test his skills in live combat.There's just one problem -- "My wife says I'm her mule. She can't have her mule out there getting hurt!"Irvin says he knows he'll never fight in the pro ranks -- but he's deadly serious about setting up a celebrity MMA tournament."Let's get in the ring and do something."
Aaron Carter says cops targeted him at an AutoZone Saturday because of his celebrity and that's why he was busted for DUI refusal.Aaron's rep tells TMZ ... Aaron was on the road promoting his new single when his car went out of alignment, so he decided to get it fixed at an AutoZone in Cornelia, Georgia.The rep says Aaron wasn't even in the car when he was arrested, and there's surveillance footage to prove it.As for the weed charge ... we're told Aaron has a medical marijuana license since he suffers from anxiety.There's also this ... Aaron's blasting his older brother Nick for tweeting about the incident, saying, “If my own blood truly cared about my well-being, why wouldn’t he call me directly and have a conversation instead of making this about him through a very public forum? That’s not cool at all to use me for his PR and kick me while I am down. I love my family despite it through thick and thin.”To my brother: I love u no matter what & if u feel the need to reach for help, I am here and willing to help you get better.
Abby Lee Miller went from dining at one of L.A.'s finest restaurants to $0.25 cent Ramen noodle packages overnight, but the good news ... she won't go without SPAM or du rags.We got a copy of the commissary stocklist at FCC Victorville, where Abby just started her 366-day sentence for fraud. As you might guess ... there aren't a whole lotta healthy food options on it, but it's certainly affordable.Hot & spicy pork skin chips -- $0.80 Cookies and cream ice cream -- $2.10SPAM -- $1.30 Canned albacore tuna -- $1.80Cola -- $3.45Mirror -- $2.20 Lotion -- $10.25Ear wax removal -- $5.20Afro pik -- $.45 Dominos -- $5.50Acne cream -- $1.30Mustache scissors -- $6.35Du rag -- $2.35 Racquet balls -- $5.40The most expensive item on the list -- an MP3 player that goes for $69.20.Abby needs to think it through ... all sales are final once an inmate leaves the commissary.
Vic Mensa's gonna dodge jail time in his loaded gun case after cutting a deal, unless he chooses jail over cutting a check.The D.A.'s office tells TMZ the Roc Nation rapper will get 2 years probation after pleading no contest to carrying a concealed firearm in his car. The second count of carrying an unregistered loaded firearm was dropped.He could've gotten as much as 2 years in jail, but now he's free and clear if he pays $500. He does have another option -- serve 2 days in jail. Since he just dropped his new album, "The Autobiography" ... we're guessing he'll pay. He also has to cover $1,325 in restitution.

Legendary actor Martin Landau has died ... TMZ has learned.We're told Martin died at 1:30 PM PT Saturday at UCLA Medical Center after a short hospitalization where he suffered unexpected complications.Landau is one of the most enduring actors of our time. Among his credits are Alfred Hitchcock's "North by Northwest", Tim Burton's "Ed Wood" and "Cleopatra."Landau had been a cartoonist before starting his acting career in the '50s. He appeared in nearly 200 films and TV shows during his illustrious career and worked until his death. His big break came in 1966 when he was cast as Rollin Hand in the "Mission: Impossible" TV series alongside his then wife Barbra Bain. The role got him repeatedly nominated for Emmys and helped him nab the Best Male TV Star Golden Globe in 1968.Landau was nominated for a Best Supporting Actor Academy Award in 1988 for his role in Francis Ford Coppola's "Tucker: The Man and His Dream." He didn't win but clinched another Golden Globe win for the role. He was nominated for another Best Supporting Actor Oscar for Woody Allen's "Crimes and Misdemeanors" and finally won in 1994 for his portrayal of Bela Lugosi in Tim Burton's biopic "Ed Wood."Landau was 89.
Legendary horror filmmaker George A. Romero, best known for creating the “Night of the Living Dead” and catapulting the zombie film genre, has passed away.George had been battling lung cancer. He died Sunday in his sleep surrounded by his family as the score to his favorite film “The Quiet Man" played, according to the L.A. Times who reported it first.George's 1968 cult classic "Night of the Living Dead" spawned a bunch of sequels including “Dawn of the Dead,” “Day of the Dead,” “Land of the Dead,” “Diary of the Dead” and more. He's regarded as the godfather of zombie films and inspired several modern day horror filmmakers including Eli Roth, who commended George for casting a black man as the lead in "NOTLD" in the '60s after news of his death broke.George was 77.
DMX is counting his recent IRS problems as a blessing, even though he could face 44 years in federal prison if convicted, and it's because he's gotten closer to the man above.X got preachy with the crowd at the Brooklyn Hip-Hop Festival ... a day after his release from jail for multiple tax evasion charges.He says he's no role model but sounds like he thinks people should still listen to what he's got to say, and he has a lot to say.
Aaron Carter doesn't drink or get DUIs ... which is what Aaron Carter said days before getting arrested for DUI refusal.We got video of Aaron in his hometown of Tampa, Florida last Monday talking smack about Shia LaBeouf's most recent drunken run-in with the law, insisting, "You won't catch me getting any DUIs... I don't even drink."Point of fact ... Shia wasn't booked for driving under the influence ... cops arrested him for public drunkenness, disorderly conduct and obstruction.Aaron got a DUI refusal Saturday in Habersham County, Georgia. His girlfriend, Madison Parker, was also arrested. She's in the video too and dishes some bad advice.
Brace yourself ... Peter Dinklage's good looks are coming.Here's a 34-year-old version of the 'The Station Agent' hunk at the Sundance Film Festival back in 2003 (left) and 14 years later ... the 'Game of Thrones' fan favorite at an event in New York City a few months back (right)."Hear me roar."The question is ...
11:51 AM PT -- Aaron Carter has been released on bond, TMZ has learned. A spokesperson for Habersham County sheriffs tells us Aaron's girlfriend Madison Parker remains in jail but is eligible for bond, though she has not bonded out "for unknown reasons."8:45 AM PT -- Bail for Carter has been set at $4,610. Parker's bail is set at $4,360. All charges filed against the couple are misdemeanor offenses.Aaron Carter has been arrested in Georgia on charges of DUI refusal, possession of marijuana and possession of drug related objects ... TMZ has confirmed.The singer was pulled over by Habersham County sheriffs Saturday night. We're told Aaron refused to submit to testing for a suspected DUI -- meaning he refused a breathalyzer and testing of his blood and urine to determine if he was intoxicated.Carter's girlfriend, Madison Parker, was in the car with Carter and was also arrested.Only hours before his arrest, Aaron tweeted that he would be unable to make a performance in Kansas City due to "transportation issues."
Quentin Tarantino does not seem down with the sister of Sharon Tate, who told TMZ Jennifer Lawrence wasn't pretty enough to play her sibling in Quentin's rumored upcoming Manson flick.We got Quentin and his freshly ringed fiancee leaving Madeo Saturday in WeHo, and the director did not seem like he was into interacting with the small crowd that gathered outside the restaurant. He seemed even less interested in yakking about Debra Tate's comment, that Margo Robbie is the one who should play Sharon.A Tarantino movie on the Manson murders ... awesome.
Christina Milian flaunted it Saturday in Miami Beach, and we took proper notice.The singer was wearing a hot red top with a cut that certainly accentuates her underboob, which gets the TMZ stamp of approval.Christina was having fun in the son with her baby nephew Lavvin.
July 17 --  A source familiar with the situation tells TMZ it is indeed a heart monitor for a routine checkup.Leonardo DiCaprio appears to be wearing a heart monitor as he strolled the streets of NYC.We got this pic of Leo Saturday in the East Village, and check out what looks like a round suction cup on his left chest.Leo definitely turns heads ... check out his fellow pedestrians who are not so subtly checking him out.The actor was seen the other day with the same suction cup on he chest ... so it seems to be something attached to his skin.
Odell Beckham Jr. is going to training camp soon, and it looks like he's getting a head start by treading water with some very hot weight bogging him down.The New York Giants wide receiver hit the beach in Cancun, Mexico Saturday with girlfriend Polyxeni Ferfeli. They've been dating since April and possibly longer ... they've kind of kept it on the down low.Odell's entering his 4th season with the team ... so it stands to reason he gets a big hug for good luck!
The Weeknd has clearly learned from his famous friends, security gates are not all they're cracked up to be, so he's made his new home disappear with the help of a wall of ficus plants.Abel is planting more than 100 giant shrubs to shield his Hidden Hills home from public view. As we reported, he bought the home in May for $20 million after Kylie Jenner passed on it because she didn't think it had enough privacy.The home is in a gated community but as we know -- from intruders who got past the gates of Kris Jenner, Drake, Demi Lovato and others -- good gates still aren't enough.
Carmen Electra no longer feels safe in her own home after a man showed up there ... convinced he's engaged to marry her.Sources close to Carmen tell us Daniel Lablanc showed up at her house back in June. She noticed him sitting in his car outside her house, and after a while she got worried and called cops.Law enforcement sources tell us officers took Lablanc into custody for mental evaluation. According to docs, obtained by TMZ, Lablanc's friends say he has anger issues, and frequently got angry when anyone tried to convince him Carmen isn't his fiancée.
Krislian Rodriguez got booted off last season of "America's Next Top Model" for "oozing sex" a little too much ... but that feature works just fine at the beach.The model and former 'ANTM' contestant -- who once dated Calvin Harris -- flew solo to the Santa Monica beach this week to get some sun, splash around, and rinse the sand off afterward ... all in a smoking hot bikini.As we reported, Rita Ora slammed Krislian for oozing sex on 'ANTM' ... and the model thinks Ora 86'd her out of spite because they both banged Harris back in the day.That's all irrelevant to these beach pics, though ... so just enjoy 'em.
Wrigley is suing a Chicago e-cigarette company for using its Juicy Fruit and Doublemint gums to double smokers' pleasure.In their lawsuit, Wrigley says Chi-Town Vapors has been selling vape juices that copy the packaging of its 100+ year-old gum.Wrigley says it contacted Chi-Town Vapors in July 2014, telling the company to stop selling the products and Vapors backed off, but only for a few months. Wrigley says the company then resumed its operation in November 2015, copying the gum's green double arrow design on the packaging but abbreviating the e-liquid's name to Dbl Mint.Wrigley sent another cease and desist letter it went ignored. Then Chi-Town Vapors began selling a Joosy Fruit e-liquid flavor.Wrigley wants Chi-Town Vapors to stop all sales of the e-liquid products and to collect any profits it's made off them.

Justin Bieber couldn't leave his cell phone alone while he was operating a motor vehicle ... so now it's gonna cost him.JB was cruising around Beverly Hills in a Mercedes G-Wagon Saturday when a cop spotted him on his cell and pulled him over. According to law enforcement ... he was issued a citation for using his phone while driving. It's unclear if he was texting or talking.Cops tell us Justin was calm and cooperative, took his ticket and moved along without further incident.
Farrah Abraham flipped her house after a year of trying ... and might be flipping out over the money she lost in the deal.The reality star sold her 4 bed, 4 bath, 2 story townhouse in the Hollywood Hills for $860,000 ... after changing the asking price at least 3 times. Problem is, she bought it in April 2016 for $845k and plunked down about $100k in renovations.As we reported ... Farrah tried to sell the home for $950k just months after moving in but didn't have any takers, so she kept dropping the price until it was listed back at what she bought it for -- $845k.Bright side -- she got a little more than that ... but she'll probably want to avoid the real estate game from now on.
Venus Williams couldn't bring home another Wimbledon title ... but she drew a star-studded crowd to watch her go down to Spain's Margine Guburuza.Celebrities like Woody Harrelson, Stanley Tucci, Hilary Swank, Bradley Cooper, Jude Law, Pippa Middleton and many more took in the tennis action on the grass Saturday ... and looked like they were really into it.
Blac Chyna's beefing up her personal security and got her former side piece banned from her upcoming club appearance ... because his recent actions are scaring her.Sources close to Chyna tell TMZ ... Ferrari won't be allowed in at the Medusa Restaurant & Lounge in Atlanta Saturday night, where Blac is scheduled to host a party. We're told  Chyna's hired 4 extra bodyguards for the night in case the rapper -- who hails from ATL -- shows up.Chyna's camp claims Ferrari's been calling and texting her the past week, and demands for him to stop the harassment having been blown off. We're told Chyna believes he's released revenge porn despite a letter warning him not to, and she also fears for her safety because he's acting obsessive and delusional. His interview with TMZ particularly scared her.The owner of Medusa, Lil Henny, tells us he will honor Chyna's ban request and make sure Ferrari is not allowed on the premises while she's working the joint.
FNC Anchor Shepard Smith is incredulous, blasting President Donald Trump, Donald Trump, Jr. Jared Kushner and the whole White House gang for repeatedly lying about their contacts with Russia during the 2016 election.Smith couldn't hide his contempt as he talked to fellow FNC anchor Chris Wallace, noting the tide has turned and even Trump stalwarts now acknowledge the numerous lies ... all short of collusion but, as Smith says, why lie if there's nothing at the end of the road?
Robert Farmer will be behind bars 16 years for shocking crimes ... killing 21 cats and sexually abusing the carcass of one of them.Farmer, who's dad is a retired captain from the San Jose PD, was apprehended at a Home Depot ... sleeping in his car with a dead cat in the center console. A necropsy revealed he had sexually abused the female tabby cat.Police found chunks of fur and blood inside the car. They also found a backpack with fur-covered gloves and a hunting knife.
Jeremy Meeks was strolling WeHo with his heiress/model girlfriend Chloe Green, and he's probably got more bodyguards than any ex-con in America.Jeremy and Chloe -- daughter of a billionaire and former "Made in Chelsea" star -- were leaving Catch restaurant Friday night when one of the bodyguards just wasn't having it with our photog.Meeks was silent as he held Chloe's hand. As you know, he's filed for legal separation from his wife of 8 years. He listed the date of separation as June 24th, 4 days before he was spotted making out with Chloe on a yacht.
Kimberley Garner is hotter than the Saint-Tropez sun ... point blank, period.The 27-year-old former "Made in Chelsea" star looked amazing as she meandered on the beach in Pampelonne, then hopped on a speedboat.Kimberley's branched out ... she's now a swimwear designer.She's also super smart ... she saves money on hiring a model; because clearly no one can do it better than her, right?
Ex-"Shahs of Sunset" star Sammy Younai had a sex contract all drawn up but then got pissed when his mattress got pissed on, and his reaction triggered an extortion investigation.Sources close to the case tell TMZ ... Sammy was recently dating a woman who wanted rough sex. He emphatically shut it down unless she agreed to put something in writing to protect him from sexual assault claims.We're told they worked it out over email and went forward. We're also told Sammy pulled out his cell phone and recorded part of the encounter.Sources tell us after the session the woman peed on his mattress. Sammy was outraged and demanded she pay to replace it. She refused, and that's when Sammy allegedly said if she didn't ante up, some people will learn some stuff about her.Sources close to Sammy tell us he never demanded money for the mattress and he's never asked for money from anyone he's been with. She went to cops and filed an extortion complaint.

Shaq says his boy has it right (it's okay for him to say it, Conor) ... telling TMZ Sports his son Shareef's claim that he'd beat LaMelo Ball in hoops is 100% accurate.Reef talked his ish to us when we got him at LAX, telling our camera guy he likes 'Melo as a person, but when it comes down to the hardwood, he'd best the Ball brother.We talked to Papa O'Neal out in NYC, and he told us not only does he agree with his progeny, he's proud the kid has the attitude to go along with his game."When you're a young up and coming player you're supposed to say you're the the greatest in the world. Is he better? Yeah, I think he's better."So far LaVar's been quiet on the whole thing ... but we doubt that's gonna last long.
Listen up Ice Cube, one of the greatest athletes of all time is about to ask you for a gig ... Terrell Owens, who is publicly asking Cube for a shot at hoops glory in the BIG3 league.It's no secret Owens is a baller, his exploits in different leagues and charity games are well documented on Youtube, but when we talked to him, he told us he wants to try it on the pro level."I tried to get into that league. I gotta get Ice Cube's number to get my name in the hat to get on one of those teams."The rub? The BIG3 league has been billed as primarily for ex-NBA and other professional BASKETBALL players to try their hand at. T.O. of course starred in the NFL.That didn't stop him from making an impassioned plea to try his hand alongside Allen Iverson, Rashad McCants, Rashard Lewis and Kwame Brown, and it's clear he's 100% serious.
21 Savage is going all out when it comes to a personalized piece of jewelry he just scooped up -- it's not only a replica of his mug ... it's dripping in diamonds.Gabriel Jacobs, owner of Rafaello & Co, just debuted the Atlanta rapper's new split personality pendant -- one side is Savage's face, right down to his tats. The other side is a Jason Voorhees mask ... a tip of the hat to his "Slaughter King" mixtape.Gabe tells us it took him more than 2 months to finish the pendant. The head is covered in 100 carats of VVS grade, near flawless, natural white diamonds. That's what $125,000 will get ya!This piece AND Amber Rose? Who's having a better summer than Savage?Face off @21savage #ganggang
Ashley Madison got caught with its pants down, and now to make up for it the extramarital affairs website agreed to fork over a pretty penny.The website will pony up $11.2 million to settle a class action lawsuit against the site after it was hacked back in 2015 ... exposing sensitive information about its 32 million registered users.In docs, obtained by TMZ, affected users can sign up to claim their piece of the pie. Ashley Madison will pay up to $3,500 to those with multiple accounts, and whatever's not claimed will be donated to charity.TMZ broke the story ... a horny guy sued the site after a breach revealed the site actually had a tiny fraction of real women as users.
Snoop Dogg dropped it like it's hot as he settled into these almost identical Iron Throne images ... give it all you got as you battle to find the differences between the two stark shots.

ScHoolboy Q is down a dog, because United Airlines placed his new pooch on the wrong flight ... TMZ has learned.The rapper tells us ... he bought a French Bulldog puppy that was supposed to be shipped to him from Denver Friday, but when it arrived -- it was the wrong dog. He says he was pissed and contacted United about their mistake.The rapper also tweeted at United Friday afternoon, saying ... "You guys r idiots ... HOW U PUT MY DOG ON THE WRONG FLIGHT???? I need answers."ScHoolboy tells us it's all straightened out now, though ... hopefully. United is supposed to deliver the Frenchie to his place in LA by midnight. He's still pissed, though ... and says he's going to sue.ScHoolboy's got 2 other pooches at home, so the Bulldog -- who he's naming Yeerndamean -- will be the third amigo.Follow my sons....... @Halldale_canecorso_ & @figaro_doberman_
Jacquees -- the singer known for his hit, "B.E.D." -- was ordered to G.T.F.O. a Delta flight leaving Atlanta, and as he was being escorted off ... he got into it with a fellow passenger.TMZ obtained video of Jacquees getting the ole heave ho. A source on the flight says he'd refused to get off his phone while the plane was taxiing, so the pilot turned back to the gate and gave him the boot. We're told Jacquees refused to leave until a flight attendant convinced him to walk off ... and that's where the video picks up.Our source says as the rapper was exiting, a pissed passenger said, "Thanks, asshole" ... which Jacquees didn't appreciate much.A source close to Jacquees says a male flight attendant ignited the whole sitch. The singer was on the phone with his mom and didn't know it was time to turn it off. We're told the flight attendant went ballistic ... and made a racist comment as Jacquees was leaving.The source says his team has filed a complaint against that flight attendant. Jacquees was rebooked on the next flight, 45 minutes later.
Ryan Lochte has been cleared of all charges in connection with his Rio hijinks.An appeals court has thrown out the criminal charge filed against Lochte for allegedly lying to authorities when he told them he was robbed at gunpoint. Lochte was charged with false communication of a crime.The judges ruled Lochte did not go to cops and report the incident ... they came to him after hearing stories in the media. So he never set out to create a lie, and that was the turning point in the case.As you know, Lochte told NBC he and 3 other members of the U.S. swim team were stopped by men he thought were impersonating police officers. Surveillance video later showed the real story was Lochte and co. were stopped by owners of the gas station they'd vandalized.
Venus Williams' phone records could be crucial in the wrongful death lawsuit filed against her ... or attorneys for the man who died in the accident think so, anyway.According to docs, attorneys for Jerome Barson's estate have filed a request for documents from the tennis star. They want all bills for the month of the accident for any smartphones and devices Venus owns.Sources connected to the case tell us Barson's team wants to make sure Venus was not talking, texting or using her phone in any way in the moments leading up to the June 9 accident win Palm Beach Gardens, FL.In the surveillance video ... you can see Venus' left elbow resting on the door through an open window -- we've slowed it down, but it's still not clear if she's holding a phone.The estate's attorney, Michael Steinger, is also requesting prescriptions for any medications Venus may have taken within 72 hours of the accident.
Mayweather's rep says, "The reason Floyd called Conor the F word is because Conor called Floyd a monkey. Floyd has nothing against gays or lesbians at all ... Floyd has them on his staff. Floyd has nothing but the utmost respect for gays and lesbians."We're told the monkey comment allegedly happened off mic when Conor was storming around the stage and hyping up the crowd. Floyd Mayweather crossed the line -- much like Conor McGregor did -- by calling him a "fa***t" during their London news conference.The fighters were in the middle of wrapping up their world tour to promote their upcoming boxing match, and when Floyd grabbed the mic he started ripping into Conor ... calling him a string of names, including the homophobic slur.Conor didn't react, but the crowd certainly did ... and it wasn't good.Remember, a few days ago ... Conor told Floyd ... "Dance for me, boy!" He was, rightfully, taken to task for spewing a racist term to an African-American man.Looks like it's Floyd's turn to feel the heat.
DMX is out of jail ... posting $500k bond after he was charged with multiple counts of tax evasion.Nicholas Biase, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York, tells TMZ ... the rapper pled not guilty to 14 counts of tax evasion. He needed 2 co-signers to pony up the bail. DMX has been slapped with travel restrictions that will require him to stay close to home ... in the NYC area. He'll also be under strict drug testing, and can't carry any firearms while on bail.We're told the court will decide at a future hearing if X can leave the NYC area for work purposes. He has a show Saturday night in Brooklyn ... which he discussed outside court Friday. No refunds will be necessary.TMZ broke the story ... DMX surrendered to the feds after prosecutors said he hid several years worth of income and now owes the IRS nearly $2 million.
Mel B's bank account is gonna take a painful hit -- at least for now -- because she's been ordered to pay her estranged husband $40,000 a month.Stephen Belafonte's request for emergency spousal support was granted by a judge who agrees ... he needs help paying for food, housing and his phone, among other things. It could have been worse for Mel. According to docs, she could have been forced to pay $15k more per month -- based on income and expenses -- but the judge cut her a break.The order also includes a one-time payment of $140,000 for Stephen's legal fees. So, Mel will have to cut a check for that, plus $40k monthly, until both sides work out their final divorce settlement.As we reported ... Mel argued last month that Stephen's financial requests were ridiculous and he needed to get a job. Looks like he can afford to be picky about work ... for a while at least.
The President of Chechnya says the people who are accusing his regime of torturing and killing gays are "devils" because he says it can't be true because "We don't have these kinds of people here."2. Kadyrov says if there are any gay people in Chechnya they should be removed in order to purify the blood of the Chechen people. pic.twitter.com/oTshkbFGLOPresident Ramzan Kadyrov sat for an interview with David Scott from 'Real Sports' and it's shocking. There are reports 27 people were recently murdered by the government ... killed because they were gay, something the government has denied because the party line is that there are no gays in the country.Kadyrov says, "To purify our blood, if there are any here take them," and he goes on, "If there are any take them to Canada."3. In an interview with @RealSportsHBO one of Putin's biggest allies says "we will put the world on its knees and screw it from behind." pic.twitter.com/nYpu78nDDyAnd there's more ... Kadyrov challenges America, saying "Even if our government were completely destroyed, our nuclear missiles would be automatically deployed. We will put the whole world on its knees and screw it from behind."
George Lucas has some harsh advice for autograph seekers and compared the ones he saw Friday in NYC to beggars on a street corner.The "Star Wars" creator was immediately peeved when a few people looking for his John Hancock -- not true fans in his opinion -- approached him. Instead of blowing them off, George lectured 'em on how to make an honest living ... in the movie industry.The 'graphers didn't back down and it turned into a back-and-forth between a billionaire and a dude hustling to make a few hundred bucks.Looks like this is George's new mission. He dropped similar pearls of wisdom last month in L.A., making it clear he's derailing the autograph gravy train.
Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos is putting a whole new meaning to being a hardcore nerd.The tech giant boss showed off his impressive biceps Thursday in a tight black polo and vest -- cool shades, bro! -- as he headed to the third day of the annual Allen & Company Conference in Sun Valley, Idaho.Some of the world's wealthiest and most powerful businessmen showed up for the weeklong conference. The 53-year-old and third-richest man in the world won't ever need bodyguards.
John Bernecker died when a planned fall on the set of "The Walking Dead" went horribly wrong, but there are conflicting accounts as to who, if anyone, is to blame ... TMZ has learned.Here's what we know ... John and another actor, Austin Amelio, were shooting a scene on a balcony, and the script called for John to plummet 22 feet to the ground. According to police, there was a safety cushion in place below the balcony. Assistant director Matthew Goodwin told cops he missed the cushion "just by inches."According to Goodwin ... John didn't appear to get good separation from the balcony when he started falling, and even "attempted to abort the fall by grabbing onto the railing with both hands." He told cops John's momentum slammed him into the bottom of the balcony and then he released his hands and fell ... landing on his head and neck ... right next to the cushion.Production staff placed cardboard next to the safety cushion to cover the blood left after John's fall.John's girlfriend, Jennifer Cocker -- who is a stuntwoman herself, but was not on set -- tells TMZ she's extremely upset with the production, saying, "Sets need to be safer. There has to be a prerequisite not to put a super professional stuntman with an inexperienced actor who doesn't know what he's doing."Other stunt people we spoke to tell us there was a very experienced and respected stunt coordinator for the scene and it was completely safe. According to the cops ... John even gave a thumbs-up to signal he was ready to begin filming.Amelio told cops he and Bernecker chatted before the scene and John said he'd never done a stunt fall from that height. He also said John "seemed a little nervous."
Beyonce and Jay-Z are back to power coupling in public, and had a night out in L.A. minus the baggage ... as in no diaper bags, strollers, etc ...The Carters were out Thursday night at Mack Sennett Studios in L.A. where they attended Vic Mensa's album listening party. It's our first good look at Bey in street clothes since giving birth to Sir and Rumi, and of course ... she looked flawless. Jay looked ... like Jay, repping for Roc-Nation, naturally.Yes ... she had TWINS a month ago.
Drake's house seems to be a popular destination for uninvited guests ... this time a man was arrested for hiking into his backyard.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... a man trespassed onto the Hidden Hills property Thursday evening. A security guard patrolling the site noticed him and ordered him to leave. The intruder became aggressive.The guard wasted no time calling cops and they quickly arrived and arrested the man. We're told the intruder told cops he found Drake's house after looking up the address on a blog. He told cops he was there to meet the rapper.The man had no weapons and was booked for trespassing. Drake was not home at the time. The house is undergoing extensive renovations and Drake hasn't been living there.
John Bernecker, a 'Walking Dead' stuntman has died ... TMZ has learned.As we reported, Bernecker fell off a 25 foot high balcony Wednesday afternoon on the set of the show. He was airlifted to Atlanta Medical Center where he was placed on a ventilator.The Medical Examiner tells us the 33-year-old died in the hospital Thursday evening. He was surrounded by friends and family, including his girlfriend who is a stuntwoman on the show when a ventilator was turned off. A source tells us earlier the swelling in his brain seemed to go down at one point on Thursday, but then it swelled back up again.John had been on the ventilator since Wednesday, and the ME's Office tells us his date of death is that day ... July 12. The cause of death is accidental blunt force trauma.The accident occurred at Raleigh Studio in Georgia and AMC shut down production shortly after the fall.John put in nearly 10 years of stunt work in Hollywood and had most recently worked on huge movies like "Black Panther," "The Fate of the Furious," and "Logan."
Beyonce and Jay-Z's twins are finally camera-ready and making their public debut.Sir and Rumi Carter posed with Mom surrounded by a rose-filled trellis in an oceanside location -- it looks a lot like the grounds of the Malibu palace where we know Bey and Jay have been living since the kids were born.It's been about a month since the little boy and girl arrived. As we first reported ... they were hospitalized for a while after birth to get treatment for jaundice.Not only do they look totally healthy now ... check out the full head of hair on one of 'em!Congrats!
It's almost too much Harry for a photo.Britain's 2 favorite Harry's -- Prince Harry and Harry Styles -- came face-to-face Thursday night in London.It happened at the at the "Dunkirk" premiere at the Odeon in Leicester Square. It's the 1D guy's debut role in a movie, and it happens to be about the WWII battle at Dunkirk -- which explains why the royal one was all ribboned up.It's not the first time they've met -- as many assumed. They hooked up in 2015 at a Royal concert event in London. Y'know the red headed Harry's jammed out to "Story of My Life" more than a few times, right?
Does Ryan Lochte think Michael Phelps will win his race against a great white shark??"HELL NO."The 12-time Olympic medalist was leaving the Treats Party at the Dream Hotel with his Playboy model fiancee, Kayla Rae Reid ... when he told us his Team USA bud is no match for White Death.Phelps is attempting the 100-meter open-water race as part of Discovery Channel's "Shark Week" next week ... but Lochte says even the GOAT will sink against his non-human opponent.We also congratulated the new father on the birth of his son, Caiden ... and Lochte tells us he's "so f**kin' happy" to be a dad.
Shia LaBeouf is not an alcoholic, because he doesn't have an uncontrollable urge to drink ... his problem is when he starts drinking he can't stop ... this according to his lawyer.Savannah lawyer Doug Andrews tells TMZ Shia is resolved not to have another drink while he finishes shooting his movie, "The Peanut Butter Falcon." As we reported, people on the set told us Shia has been incredibly professional, reliable and sober since shooting began and they were shocked to see on TMZ Saturday that he was arrested for public intoxication and disorderly conduct.Andrews says the movie shoot will not be interrupted by the arrest or Shia's promise to get help for his addiction. It's interesting -- Shia calls it an addiction although he says he doesn't feel the need to drink.Andrews says Shia will get professional help once the movie is wrapped, but he's not in danger because he simply won't drink.The lawyer also says he and Shia want to do more than just cop a plea and pay a fine ... they want to make good to Savannah cops and the community for Shia's rant which, at times, got racist. Andrews says he and Shia haven't decided what the actor will do, but promises it will be meaningful.
Floyd Mayweather says he's got some huge surprises in store for the McGregor fight -- including a possible appearance by President Barack Obama."Barack Obama may be there. Donald Trump may be there. I'm pretty sure it's gonna be a star-studded event," Mayweather told TMZ Sports.UFC president Dana White previously told us Trump reached out and "100%" had an interest in the fight -- but likely won't attend because he doesn't want to "ruin the event" with the massive security preparations it would take to ensure his safety.We reached out to Obama's camp -- so far, no word back.
6:15 PM PT -- Sources close to Kim tell us she had no idea who Danielle was, and was only introduced as "a fan" and not the "Cash Me Outside" girl. They say Kim took pics with several fans.Kim Kardashian -- who hangs with the richest, most powerful people in the country -- peaced out with "Cash Me Outside" girl Danielle Bregoli.Kim and Danielle Bregoli's worlds collided at The Polo Lounge in the Beverly Hills Hotel Thursday, where the 2 stars were both enjoying a meal. Danielle was dining 2 tables away from Kim when someone who knew both introduced them.Sources close to Bregoli tell us Kim was denying photos with other patrons, but made an exception for her. We're told Danielle was apprehensive -- you know, because she talked crazy smack about her whole family in February -- but Kim couldn't have been nicer.
Charlie Sheen has kicked meat ... and lots of other foods -- 'cause he's now living the vegan life.Sources close to the actor tell TMZ Charlie's about 2 weeks into his new vegan diet, which is just the latest installment of what he says is a holistic lifestyle he's embraced with gf Julia Stambler.We're told Charlie's been getting up early to work out -- yoga and swimming are his go-to -- and he's been scarfing down foods like rice, garden burgers and even stuff like coconut water coffee. Charlie's even on vitamin drips for extra nutrients.Per our sources, Charlie mostly stays away from booze and seems committed to the new health kick. As we reported ... he's on an HIV drug trial, and claims he's been off hard drugs for a year.
Guy Ritchie is one step closer to making "Aladdin" wishes come true for almost everyone -- on the Internet, anyway ... TMZ has learned.Ritchie's directing Disney's upcoming live-action version, and while he hasn't picked a leading man yet, fans on the Internet have been clamoring for Avan Jogia ... who co-starred with Ariana Grande on "Victorious."Sources close to the actor tell us he submitted an audition tape to Guy and producers in London for the starring role. We're told the tape included Avan singing a song from the musical -- and we're told he's now in the mix to land the lead.Disney's reportedly struggling to find potential Aladdins who sing, act, dance and are of the correct ethnicity. The studio says it's only considering actors of Middle Eastern or Indian descent.Avan's millions of fans say put him in already -- his father is Indian, and bonus ... he's hot enough to have walked in a Dolce & Gabbana fashion show! He also played King Tut in the Spike miniseries "Tut."Keeping rubbing your magic lamps, fans.


DMX and the IRS have major beef ... the feds just slapped the rapper with 14 counts of tax evasion, and he's already surrendered to law enforcement.The U.S. Attorney's Office in NYC says DMX has concealed his income for several years and is now about $1.7 million in the red to the IRS. According to the indictment, X had cash pouring in during the early 2000s from a slew of hits. The feds even name checked "X Gon' Give It to Ya" in the docs.They say he was avoiding using personal bank accounts, using accounts of surrogates -- including business managers -- and lived mostly on cash.According to the docs, when DMX appeared on 'Couples Therapy' he was supposed to be paid $125,000 -- but when he got his initial check the proper taxes had been withheld ... which didn't sit well with him. The feds say he went back to producers and demanded a new check for the full amount ... which he got.In the indictment, prosecutors say he listed his income in 2011 and 2012 as "unknown" ... when in reality he'd made $353k and $542k, respectively. In 2013, he finally did report income ... of $10k. That number was a little off, according to feds, who say he actually hauled in $250k that year.
Conor McGregor says there’s no way he can be racist … 'cause he’s half black -- from the waist down.McGregor went crazy at the fight event in Brooklyn Thursday night … saying he loves black people, especially black women and busted several crotch thrusts to prove it.Before that, he blasted Floyd Mayweather's pal 50 Cent saying they are both broke bitches who pretend to have money.In fact, he gave Floyd a copy of Jay-Z’s new 4:44 album … and told him to study it to learn how to build a real empire.He then claimed his coat was made of real polar bears — ‘cause he’s so damn cold.
Margot Robbie has the chops and beauty to play Sharon Tate in a Quentin Tarantino movie about the Manson murders, but Jennifer Lawrence ... not so much, at least according to Sharon's sister.Debra Tate told us if the Sharon role comes down to Margot or Jennifer ... Margot's the clear choice ... and it's not ONLY because of looks. Sounds like an unkind cut, but Debra explained why she's not taking a shot at J Law.According to a report ... Tarantino's putting finishing touches on a script for the Manson project, and both actresses are in the running for roles, though it's not clear who they'd play.Debra added she's yet to hear a peep from Tarantino ... which could be a problem because she owns the rights to her sister Sharon's image and likeness.
The 'Walking Dead' stuntman who fell about 25 feet off a balcony was bleeding from his head and nose after the impact ... this according to the 911 call.TMZ has obtained the audio ... and the caller, an assistant director on set, says in the audio they need an ambulance ASAP after John Bernecker fell Wednesday afternoon. The caller told dispatch John's breathing heavily and they can't tell if he landed on his back or head ... but said, "his neck is in the position where he landed."John was described as "barely conscious" at the time of the call. The caller did not say if they were shooting a scene at the time but AMC said it's temporarily shutting down production.
Madness in Times Square ... where hundreds of people swarmed Floyd Mayweather as he was walking out of a bank -- and the video is pretty nuts.Floyd was flanked by his massive TMT bodyguards as he left Chase Bank -- where he either deposited his $100 million check ... or withdrew some cash for the big media event in Brooklyn Thursday night.(Remember, Conor mocked him for only having $5,000 in his backpack on Wednesday).Either way, the scene was chaotic -- everyone tried to get a shot on their phones -- but Floyd ultimately made it to his ride without incident.Not everyone got out clean though ... cops were on the street firing off tickets for illegally parked cars that appeared to be a part of the TMT entourage.Good thing Floyd's rich.
Blac Chyna's back to her old hustle now that she's been cut off by Rob Kardashian -- she's making strip club appearances again.BC just announced a gig for next Monday at the Ace of Diamonds in West Hollywood and we're told she'll be pocketing $10k for hosting the night. The club's also throwing in 3 bottles of rose.The timing is no coincidence ... we're told Chyna's the one who pitched the idea to AOD and they were all for it.If you recall, that's how she made a huge chunk of her change back in the day, so looks like she's back to her old party tricks and sending a message she doesn't need Rob ... although she might need him to watch Dream that night.
President Trump got an eyeful of French President Emmanuel Macron's wife and, in the most awkward way possible ... made it clear he liked what he saw.Trump, with Melania at his side, greeted Brigitte Macron Thursday in Paris -- and in video posted on Prez Macron's Facebook ... POTUS was overheard saying, "You're in such good shape. Beautiful."The issue ... he was looking right at her at the time. Madame Macron seemed to squirm a bit as she moved closer to Melania during the exchange.The French First Lady's age has been a hot topic over there -- she's 64, while her husband is 39 -- so, it's possible Trump was attempting to deliver a compliment.No getting around it though ... this video is -- how do you say? Zee awkward.
Billy Bush is still unemployed, despite stories he's got a new TV gig.There's a report out Billy is set to anchor a new Fox syndicated show, "Top 30," which debuts this Fall.We checked with Fox, and they told us unequivocally, Billy's not the host ... "positively."Fox hasn't picked the host yet, but we're told it will not be Billy Bush.We know there was a meeting between Billy and his people and the Fox folks, but nothing came of it.
Someone break out the Kermit tea meme -- the puppeteer who was behind Kermit the Frog's voice for 27 years is saying Disney actually fired him ... over the phone.Steve Whitmire -- who started at age 19 back in 1990 -- wrote a blog post explaining his side of the story after news broke earlier this week that he was being replaced. He said he was told the role would be recast back in October but had hoped the sides could work things out, but to no avail.Whitmire said, "I have offered multiple remedies to their two stated issues which had never been mentioned to me prior to that phone call. I wish that we could have sat down, looked each other in the eye, and discussed what was on their minds before they took such a drastic action.”Whitmire's successor will become only the third person to play Kermit since Jim Henson created the frog back in 1955.
A 'Walking Dead' stuntman fell more than 20 feet onto a concrete floor ... suffering a serious head injury that sent him to the hospital.John Bernecker was reportedly on set Wednesday in Georgia when the accident happened. It's unclear how he fell or if he was in the middle of shooting a scene -- but he had to be airlifted to Atlanta Medical Center where he's in ICU.His girlfriend posted a Facebook message, saying ... "John deserves to be seen by every neorusurgeon and doctor there is until one of them sees the life we all know he has in him and bring him back to us... THIS ISNT FAIR."John -- who specializes in high falls -- has also worked on "24: Legacy" and 'The Hunger Games: Mockingjay.'
Shaquille O'Neal is making a run to become the Krispy Kreme King -- telling TMZ Sports he's working on a plan to own 100 DONUT SHOPS ... but there's a twist.The NBA legend only owns 1 location at the moment -- a store in ATL -- but apparently, he's had such good fortune with it that he wants to expand his donut empire in a big way. And he's got the resources to do it.Shaq famously missed a golden opportunity to be an early investor in Starbucks because he wasn't convinced black people drink coffee. He was wrong.
"American Idol" alum Haley Reinhart's friend was taken down by bouncers and choked so hard ... his entire head was blood red during the bar brawl that led to Haley's arrest.TMZ obtained video of the melee, and it's intense -- 2 bouncers at the Lamplighter Inn, outside Chicago, had Haley's male friend surrounded and at least one of them had his hands wrapped around the friend's neck.Haley was right in the middle of the fracas and you see her square off with one of the bouncers, who accuses her of punching him in the head before tossing her out of the bar.The brutal video seems to support what Haley's attorney told us -- that bar staffers had assaulted one of Haley's friends, leaving him with multiple injuries.As we first reported, Haley was booked for misdemeanor battery.
Congresswoman Maxine Waters wants to impeach Donald Trump, but she's not vouching for the proposition that the country would be in better hands with Mike Pence.We got the Democratic rep from L.A. in D.C. Wednesday, and she hedged on Pence, saying there are a lot of unknowns. She still wants Trump out, but doesn't know if that would be a step forward or a step backward.Waters is also skeptical about Pence, suggesting maybe he's knee-deep in the whole Russia thing.
Alan Thicke's widow, Tanya Callau, is asking a judge to set Alan's kids straight by telling them to shut up on all their allegations that she's a greedy widow who will try to nullify her prenup to get more cash.Tanya claims Robin Thicke and his brother, Brennan, were not serious at all when they filed legal docs asking a judge to block her from challenging the prenup she signed with their dad.Tanya says the Thicke brothers know she has no intention of challenging the prenup, even though she signed it without the benefit of legal representation just 4 days before their wedding.She says this is all about trashing her in the media and wants the judge to see it for what it is ... a baseless concern.Tanya insists all she wants is what's hers ... a cut of Alan's ranch, a right to live there and chunk of his other assets.As we reported ... Robin and Brennan previously filed legal docs claiming Tanya threatened to trash them in the tabloids if she didn't get what she wanted. She called BS ... claiming they just want her out of the picture so they could turn the family ranch into a pot farm.
10:00 AM PT -- Sint Maarten police tell us government and airport officials will be meeting to discuss new safety measures. Currently it's not illegal to stand at that fence at the end of the runway, but with this fatality -- the first ever -- we're told officials will consider making changes.A New Zealand tourist in Sint Maarten died during a thrill-seeking escapade as she tried to withstand the blast of a jet engine.The scene was horrifying ... people in Sint Maarten tell TMZ, the woman was hanging on to a fence at the edge of the runway, while an airliner revved its engines before rolling down the runway for takeoff.We're told she couldn't hold on to the fence and was catapulted backward into a concrete barrier on the edge of the beach.People on scene tried in vain to resuscitate her but it appears she died on impact.A similar incident occurred in 2012 when a woman was blown into the same barrier, but she survived.
Fresh Kid Ice -- founding member of 2 Live Crew, and a pioneer for Asian rappers, died in Miami ... TMZ has learned.Fresh Kid formed the legendary hip-hop crew with DJ Mr. Mixx and Amazing Vee in 1984, and hooked up with Luther Campbell later when they signed with his record label. According to the group's manager he died at 7:50 AM Thursday in a Miami hospital ... due to a medical condition.Fresh Kid's real name was Chris Wong Won ... and he and the group became poster children for First Amendment Rights after their "As Nasty As They Wanna Be" album was the first to be labeled legally obscene by the government.He and Campbell were arrested in 1990 after a live performance police deemed obscene and lewd.Fresh Kid served in the U.S. Air Force for 4 years before getting into music. He went on to form his own label ... Chinaman Records.Uncle Luke tweeted condolences ...My Condolence goes out to the family Chris Wong Wong Fresh Kid Ice of the 2 Live Crew who just passed away people we lost a legendFresh Kid was 53.
How does Floyd Mayweather feel about Conor McGregor calling him a "boy" twice?  No offense taken.In fact, Floyd actually tries to turn it into a joke -- "We all know there's only 2 types of boys -- a white boy and a cowboy -- and I'm neither."TBE landed in NYC on Wednesday night, so we had to ask him about the outrage over Conor's racial comments at the 2 media events."Racism still exists but you know, I try to take something negative and turn it into something positive," Mayweather told us."A lot of people say that Conor McGregor is racist but I don't worry about that."When asked specifically if he's upset with Conor over the comments, Floyd said he's not -- explaining, "It is what it is. He's entitled to feel how he wants to feel.""I just want to stay in my zone and stay focused."
Trey Parker knows this much about moose ... they're curious creatures and his family's close encounter is all the proof he needed.The "South Park" co-creator and his family were in their Steamboat Springs, CO home hanging in the pool when, out of nowhere, a moose strolls poolside to give the Parkers their very own "Planet Earth" episode.
Rob Kardashian may be guilty of revenge porn, but he says Blac Chyna is trying to get her own revenge ... in the jewelry department, so claim sources connected to Rob.Our Kardashian sources say a few days before Rob went off Friday by slut shaming Chyna, he was courting her with bling. They say a jeweler came to Chyna's house with 7 pieces of jewelry, worth a total of $250k. Rob wanted Chyna to pick one as a gift from him.The jeweler decided to leave all 7 so Chyna could mull it over. Then Rob went crazy, and our Kardashian sources say she only returned 3 pieces, keeping a ring and 3 tennis bracelets ... worth around $125k. We're told Chyna tried charging a significant amount on Rob's card for some of the jewelry, but it was flagged and denied by Rob's business manager.We're told the jeweler has contacted Chyna several times, telling her the gift was off the table and asking her to return all of the items, but it's fallen on deaf ears.To add insult to injury, Chyna wore the 3 tennis bracelets to court Monday when she got a restraining order against Rob.Chyna begs to differ. Celebrity lawyer Lisa Bloom, who reps Chyna, tells us Rob outright gave her all 7 pieces as a gift so she had no obligation to return anything. Bloom says after Rob's tirade, Chyna decided to return 4 items but kept the tennis bracelet set because she liked them and as she saw it returning 4 items that were legally hers was a gift to Rob.It's now the Wimbledon of jewelry disputes.   A rep for Rob declined to comment.
Shia LaBeouf was "incredibly professional," "well-prepared," "so nice" and "says hello to everyone on set" ... and that's why everyone connected with the production of the movie he's shooting in Savannah is shocked by Shia's arrest and police station racist rant.Production sources for the movie, "The Peanut Butter Falcon" tell TMZ, Shia showed no signs of being drunk or hungover during the entire shoot, which has gone on for weeks. We're told some members of the cast and crew were "nervous" when shooting began because of various media reports about Shia's antics, but none of that behavior has surfaced on the set.Our sources say the first anyone heard that there were problems was Saturday, after TMZ posted the story Shia was arrested for public intoxication and disorderly conduct.We're told Shia returned to set on Monday and no one spoke of the arrest, except word got around it was "no big deal" and would be handled in court.The shoot is at the halfway point, and no one on the cast and crew knows how the remainder will be affected by Shia's apology, which includes assurance he will be "actively taking steps" to deal with his addiction.
Jennifer Garner is following Ben Affleck's lead, parading around town with another woman, although it's just her longtime pal, Chelsea Handler.The gals did dinner Wednesday night at Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica ... one of Ben's favorite restaurants.There could've been an awkward run-in -- they both live nearby. He was there a few days ago with new gf, 'SNL' producer Lindsay Shookus.Handler's known as a loyal pal, so doubt Ben would sweat that.
Shia LaBeouf isn't racist -- even though he said VERY racist things to cops -- we should just pass it off as a guy who's super high ... according to Rich the Kid.We got the New York rapper Wednesday in Bev Hills, and he was clearly shocked by the words Shia chose when he verbally attacked Savannah cops.Rich does not seem incensed at all -- not even a little -- and chops it up to drugs.Conclusion ... not racist ... just a bad night.
The gang from "Jersey Shore" is getting back together on TV, but no more of the shenanigans that made us love/hate them.Production sources tell us ... a cable network will showcase the current versions of Snooki, JWoww, Pauly D, The Situation and company for a TV special on the impact of the reality show on their lives, and where they are now.We're told the reunion is not a full series pickup -- either a one-time special or just a couple episodes -- and will have a documentary feel.Our sources say the special will be the first of several, reuniting casts from various popular shows that aired back in the day.Snooki posted pics of herself and her female co-stars out and about last week in Jersey with the apt caption, "Reunion Time."Now we know.
Abby Lee Miller had a hired gun getting her ready to survive federal prison -- just like Will Ferrell and Kevin Hart's Hollywood flick, "Get Hard" ... TMZ has learned.Miller -- who's doing time for fraud just like Ferrell in the movie -- turned to a former law enforcement official to give her the lowdown on what to expect during her 366-day sentence which started Wednesday.Sources close to the situation say Abby was told to follow orders and get in tight with correction officers ... in order to score better job assignments. We're told some of those choice gigs include cooking classes, accounting, and cosmetology.She was also warned to stick close to inmates who are starstruck -- as they might be her best protection from the ones who bully her because of her fame. We don't know how much Abby dropped on her 2 months of counseling, but we're told she feels it was worth it.Her attorney William Price says Abby's begun this chapter of the process "and there is now an end in sight."She can only hope to do as well as Kevin and Will's movie did.


Kendall Jenner's being flooded with letters from a fan who claimed to love her at first, but then turned bitter, angry, and she thinks ... dangerous.According to new docs ... a California man named Thomas Hummel has been incessantly professing his love for her since February. Kendall's security warned him in March to stay away, but a few weeks later he started writing again with a much darker tone.According to the docs, Hummel started insulting Kendall and her mother, Kris Jenner. In one letter, he called Kendall "an internet whore, cackling your way through life." He continued ... "You look like you've been f***ing AHOLE Dog Sh**t in the sewer for years." He also accused Kris of paying A$AP Rocky -- or as he puts it, "AHOLE Rockhead" -- to sleep with Kendall.In other bizarre letters ... Hummel mentions remembering Kendall from the post office in 2008 and Costco in 1998 and falling in love with her then. She would have been 13 and 3 years old at those times.
For the second day in a row, Conor McGregor has told Floyd Mayweather to "Dance for me, boy."Conor was met with outrage when he first hurled the taunt at Floyd in L.A. on Tuesday -- since referring to a black man as "boy" in America is an insult that dates back to slavery. Same with telling a black man to "dance for me."But despite scorn from black leaders across the country, Conor took the mic at the media event in Toronto on Wednesday and said it AGAIN.Floyd just sat back and smiled.Conor continued to rail against Floyd -- saying he's illiterate and stupidly blows his money on boatloads of strippers.That's when he dragged Rob Kardashian into the mix ... saying Rob only bankrolled ONE, referring to Blac Chyna.It's only day 2 ...
Shia LaBeouf just apologized for the events leading to his arrest and the racist rant at the police station, saying he believes he's hit bottom and is taking steps to get his addiction under control.Shia says, "I am deeply ashamed of my behavior and make no excuses for it," adding, "My outright disrespect for authority is problematic to say the least, and completely destructive to say the worst."Shia goes on ... "It is a new low. A low I hope is a bottom."And then the actor says what has become obvious ... "I have been struggling with addiction publicly for too long, and I am actively taking steps toward securing my sobriety and hope I can be forgiven for my mistakes."Sources connected to the production of the movie he's shooting in Savannah tell us, Shia was back on the set Monday and has been shooting ever since. It's unclear if this statement will affect production ... in other words, whether he's going to rehab.
Shia LaBeouf verbally assaulted a white officer, telling him his wife watches porn and fantasizes about African-American male genitals.Shia was off the rails this weekend when he was arrested by Savannah cops for public drunkenness and disorderly conduct.Shortly after arriving in handcuffs at the police station, Shia ranted to the cop that he must feel ashamed his wife prefers "black d***."
Shia LaBeouf went full racist at the Savannah Police Dept. where he was arrested this past weekend, telling a black officer he would go to hell because of his skin color.In newly released video, while Shia was being fingerprinted he looked at a black officer and said, "You're going to hell, straight to hell, bro." A white cop questioned the drunk actor, and added ... "That doesn't mean he's going to hell." Shia responded, "It means a whole lot, bro."He goes on to accuse the cops of being racist because "a black man arrested me for being white."TMZ broke the story, Shia was arrested for public drunkenness, disorderly conduct and obstruction and was out of control when he was arrested and taken to the station for booking.When he was in the police car en route to the slammer, he told a black officer he was out of line for arresting a white man who simply asked for a cigarette.
Corinne Olympios could come face-to-face with DeMario Jackson on the "Bachelor in Paradise" reunion show, 'cause she'll be there ... according to Corinne herself.Corinne put out a statement Wednesday, saying, "I am very happy to be appearing on the Bachelor In Paradise Special" which her rep confirmed was, in fact, the reunion show that'll take place in the near future ... seeing how filming has wrapped.We broke the story ... DeMario -- who was at the center of the sex scandal on the show with Corinne -- will also be at the 'BiP' renuion show ... and he wants to settle things with Corinne once and for all.
Abby Lee Miller's slipping into something comfortable, like a prison jumpsuit right about now ... as she begins her prison stretch.Abby's attorneys tell us she checked in around noon at the federal facility in Victorville, CA. The former "Dance Moms" star is now on day 1 of her 366 day sentence. A Lifetime camera crew -- reportedly shooting a news special on her sentence -- followed her as she went behind bars.We're told she was pretty nervous as she arrived for processing. She could be out within 10 months.Unclear how long it will take her to get squared away in her cell ... but we know this: meal time is gonna be a culture shock for Abby.
Blac Chyna's side piece thought he really had a connection with her, but is learning the hard way -- lawyers run the show.Ferrari tells TMZ ... he doesn't believe it was Chyna's idea to fire off a "weak" warning letter to him, threatening to sue if he posts nude pics of her. He doesn't think it's consistent with her character, and she wouldn't do that to him ... if it was up to her.Seems hypocritical of Ferrari, since, as we first reported ... he got cold feet, and returned $135k worth of jewelry he'd bought for her. It's strange that he'd expect her to have compassion for him after that.
Demi Lovato had a great idea for a mini tour to promote her new song -- house parties featuring local celebs ... which she kicked off in Boston with Rob Gronkowski.Demi hosted a rager Tuesday at a pad she rented in Beantown, which was stop #1 in her "Sorry Not Sorry" House Party Tour ... which is exactly what it sounds like.Sources close to the singer tell TMZ she came up with the idea at a recent house party ... wanting to offer fans an intimate setting to enjoy her new single, "Sorry Not Sorry." As for how Rob got involved ... we're told she wanted to invite a hometown hero ... and he happily obliged.Demi hosted about 200 guests from the area, and ended up doing 3 songs, including "Sorry Not Sorry" ... naturally.TMZ broke the story ... Demi's L.A. home was hit in a possible burglary attempt. We're told she's aware of what happened, but pressing on with the house party tour. She'll do 2 stops, in Birmingham and Nashville on Wednesday ... then it's off to Vegas, Austin and Dallas.The Boston #SNSHouseParty was out of control!!! Thanks for rolling in with me like a champ @Gronk 😜 @kiss108
The smeared blood found on the floor of Chris Cornell's hotel bathroom does not indicate foul play as some have suggested ... TMZ has learned.After photos of Chris' suicide scene were released Tuesday, people speculated foul play was involved because a significant amount of blood was under the singer's body, where he hanged himself.We contacted several medical examiners and other professionals who say it's common for hanging victims to bleed from the mouth or nose from a buildup of blood and tension in the head.Emergency responders found Chris' face "covered in blood spatter" ... this according to the police report. According to the Wayne County Medical Examiner's report, there was "pronounced congestion of the head and neck above the ligature furrow mark" ... which means significant swelling under the skin above the neckline created by the noose.As for why the blood was smeared ... Chris' bodyguard and paramedics moved the body during a failed attempt to revive him.
TMZ Sports has obtained video of the moment Buffalo Bills lineman Adolphus Washington was confronted by police while handling a gun in his car ... and the standoff is VERY intense.Cops stormed Washington's 3-wheeled Slingshot vehicle as they were clearing out a party at a Cincinnati-area water park. Cops say they saw Washington reach down and pick up a Glock.Officers screamed at 24-year-old Washington to keep his hands up and get out of the car -- as Washington tries desperately to explain the situation.Once he's in custody, one of the officers asks Washington, "Why the hell would you have that gun in your hand?!"Washington tries to explain that he was innocently trying to put the gun away (and that he had a permit for it) when he saw cops clearing out the party ... and wasn't trying to brandish it.The officer is pissed that Washington would put everyone in that situation and says, "I'm not trying to shoot anyone out here."Washington responds, "I'm not trying to get shot."At one point the cop says, "You don't know how lucky you are buddy."
Demi Lovato is the latest celeb whose L.A. home was hit ... but this time whatever the criminal was planning was thwarted.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ, a man wearing all black clothing and a baseball cap scaled the security gate just before midnight Tuesday at Demi's Hollywood Hills home. We're told the man had a ladder and made it on to the balcony of her home, and that's when the dogs began furiously barking.The house manager sensed something was wrong, walked over to the balcony and saw the man peering through Demi's bedroom window. The live-in house manager ran to the phone, called 911 and left.By the time cops arrived the bad guy was gone.Demi bought the house in September 2016.Demi was in Boston promoting her new song, "Sorry Not Sorry."
The wife of "Glee" star Dot Jones needs life-saving surgery after suffering a stroke she was lucky to survive.We've learned the scary episode went down July 4 when Dot and her wife, Bridgette -- along with their daughter -- were home getting ready to go to a Dodgers game. Bridgette suddenly lost feeling in her face, and fell to the floor. They immediately called 911.Paramedics transported Bridgette to a hospital ... which, fortunately, specializes in treating strokes and heart disease. Doctors found out 44-year-old Bridgette has a heart defect called patent foramen ovale -- or a hole in the heart -- which triggered the stroke.Bridgette returned home Friday, but she has to have surgery in a few weeks to close the hole. Doctors expect her to make a full recovery.
The alleged Amelia Earhart photo featured in a new documentary about her disappearance does NOT solve the mystery ... because the pic was taken before she crashed, according to history buffs."Amelia Earhart: The Lost Evidence" claimed to have a photo, taken in the Marshall Islands, which showed Amelia sitting on a dock, possibly being held captive. There's a huge problem with that theory though ... according to 2 Japanese history bloggers ... who say they've found the photo in a book published 2 years before Amelia vanished.Amelia crashed in 1937, but the exact image is clearly seen in a book in Japan's National Library -- a book which reportedly came out in 1935.As we first told you ... another Earhart search expert had shot major holes in the photo theory.The documentary aired last week on History Channel ... and the network's tweeted it's investigating the new info from Japan.
Christina Milian and Karrueche Tran are a little late to get on the "hot babes eating burgers" train ... but that doesn't mean we don't appreciate the effort.Christina and Karrueche got their bikinis on and hit the beach Tuesday in Miami, where at first they got all wet ... and then dried off and chowed down on some cow.Their burger bikini fest wasn't for any type of Carl's Jr. commercial -- in fact, the company ditched that whole concept earlier this year ... sad as it may be.Still ... it's good to see an homage here to the good ol' days -- intended or not.Don't bother them, they're eating.
Rob Kardashian is deeply remorseful for slut shaming Blac Chyna ... at least that's what he told his family.Sources close to the situation tell TMZ ... Rob's spoken with all of his sisters and his mom, telling them he has no excuse for posting nude pics of Chyna and her medical information on social media. He said he regrets he didn't deal with the Chyna drama privately and said it wouldn't happen again.One thing Rob did not apologize for ... he flatly denied he ever physically abused Chyna.Rob also acknowledged all of the Kardashian women warned him Chyna was "bad news" and he should stay away ... advice he ignored. He told them they were right.He also said he stayed with Chyna longer than he should have because he grew up in a 2-parent household and wanted the same for Dream.We're told Rob and family have stayed quiet through the ordeal in an effort to stop the back and forth in the best interest of his daughter.We're told the women accepted his apology and are hopeful he'll heed their advice.
When police entered Chris Cornell's Detroit hotel room they found his belongings, his prescriptions ... and the exercise apparatus he used to commit suicide.Detroit PD just released the photos they took of the room during their investigation, and they reveal the bathroom scene where Chris died. The exercise band he rigged on the bathroom door was on the floor, surrounded by a streak of blood.There were 3 prescription bottles -- prednisone (anti-inflammatory), omeprazole (antacid) and lorazepam (anti-anxiety).In the room itself ... one of Chris' guitars was on a chair, and his iconic shades were on the unmade bed.
Model Winnie Harlow is lashing out at media reports she fat shamed the hell out of a passenger on a yacht, because the guy is her uncle and it's a family joke ... but ya could have fooled us.The former "America's Next Top Model" contestant posted 2 videos and blasted it to her 2.3 million Instagram followers ... showing an unsuspecting shirtless man getting some sun. She overlaid the vid with the text, "Sexy views.. You're welcome."Winnie -- who has been bullied herself -- also appears to be secretly shooting from a distance, behind some couches.Harlow -- born with the a skin condition, vitiligo -- has since taken down the videos and fired back at the Daily Mail report ... saying, "That 'random passenger on the boat' is like my uncle and was a family joke. He was actually poking out his tummy for the photo." She calls the outlet "the real bullies for not fact-checking before slandering my name."Fair to say ... Winnie certainly had the power to identify the guy in her initial post so her followers wouldn't jump to the logical conclusion that it was fat shaming.Winne's "uncle" is jumping to her defense.
"America's Got Talent" contestant Dr. Brandon Rogers was a gem of a talent before his tragic death ... as you can see in his audition episode, which just aired.Dr. Rogers' family wanted the audition to run, showing the young doc humbly taking the stage only to wow the crowd and all 4 judges with a fantastic cover of Stevie Wonders' "Ribbon In The Sky."He gets a standing O from the judges -- even Simon Cowell.We broke the story ... Rogers was killed in a car accident last month after his friend fell asleep at the wheel and veered off the road.
Fatherhood's been kind to George Clooney so far ... as in he doesn't look stressed, sleep-deprived or like he's put on a few extra new daddy lbs.George and Amal were out having dinner with friends Tuesday on Lake Como, Italy and they're the poster children ... for pissing off all other new parents of twins. The Clooneys were without Elle and Alexander ﻿and seemed vibrant and well rested.George is tan with a fresh goatee, while Amal was glowing and smiling ear to ear. Not a bag under either of their eyes.Still no peek at the little ones -- the twins were under cover upon arrival in Milan -- so looking at Mom and Dad will have to do. Bellissimo!
Abby Lee Miller's just hours from starting her prison stint and we know what she'll be grubbing on this week ... on the inside.The "Dance Moms" star will be an inmate at the FCI Victorville prison in California starting Wednesday, and if she's there in time for breakfast she'll get fruit, hot grits, whole wheat bread with jelly and skim milk ... according to the national menu for women's federal prisons.For lunch, it'll be burgers -- with a choice of fries or a baked potato -- and fruit. When dinner time rolls around she'll chow on a deli sandwich or hummus wrap, along with bean soup and potato salad.And the weekend's looking up for Abby -- sloppy joes for lunch on Saturday and chicken tacos at night!It ain't Craig's, but it'll have to do for the next year and a day.
Amber Rose and 21 Savage took a trip to his hood and quickly turned a club appearance into the ultimate ladies night out ... by dropping $22k just for the ladies.The new couple popped in at Club Crucial in Atlanta Monday night, where Savage was promoting his new record, "Issa Album" -- while onstage, they started hurling cash into the crowd.We're told it's actually a ritual every Monday night -- giving back to the community, especially women. Amber and Sav seemed more than happy to carry on the tradition.As we reported ... Amber and Savage are in a full-blown relationship ... they've even met each other's families.Like they say -- the couples that make it rain together, slay together. Nothin' new there.
Former troubled Miss USA Tara Conner is adding more bling to her tiara collection ... she's got herself a sparkly new engagement ring.We're told the lucky guy is writer and acting coach Dan Sanders-Joyce. Dan popped the question over 4th of July weekend while they were vacationing in Hawaii.Tara is most infamously known as the Miss USA who got to keep her crown despite testing positive for cocaine 8 months into her reign. She's been sober for a decade.As for the ring ... it's a 4.83 carat yellow sapphire from INTA Gems & Diamonds. We're told Dan chose yellow since they bonded over their struggles to recovery and the $50k stunner is suppose to symbolize their brightest days together.Mazel.


Dana White says he got a call from Donald Trump's camp about the McGregor vs. Mayweather fight -- but says POTUS likely won't attend because he feels like he "ruins events."Of course, Dana and Donald are longtime friends (Dana spoke at the RNC) -- and White has previously told us Trump has an open invitation to attend any UFC event.So, we asked if Trump would be at T-Mobile Arena on August 26 and White replied -- "Funny you say that. They called me yesterday."White says Donald is 100% interested in the fight but feels he'd be too big of a distraction to attend in person."He feels like he'll ruin events," White said ... "Secret Service is going to have to go through the place, shut down streets and create crazy traffic."
Ryan Phillippe proved he's not just an actor ... he's an actor who can also rap! Although, not necessarily well.Ryan was a guest on "Sway's Universe" Tuesday on SiriusXM, and wrapped up the interview by spitting a few bars. It's something a lot of Sway's guests do -- some better than others.We'll say this ... good on Ryan for stepping up to the mic. He read his lyrics off his phone, and Sway even gave him props for preparing his verses ahead of time.RP's lyrics gave props to Shia LaBeouf -- a previous Sway guest who also rapped. If you weren't impressed by Shia's rhyming skills before ... Ryan might change that.
Two things you don't say to black men in America ...1) "Dance for Me"2) "Boy"Conor McGregor said BOTH of those things to Floyd Mayweather at the big fight news conference in L.A. and people are pissed.The reaction on social media was swift with FS1's Chris Broussard tweeting, "'Dance for me, boy!' Ohh, ohh. Does he know what he just said?"Not the first time Conor's gone racial to hype a fight -- he famously called Nate Diaz a "cholo gangster" before UFC 196."Dance for me, boy!" Ohh, ohh. Does he know what he just said?
An "America's Got Talent" champ was arrested this week for domestic violence after he allegedly attacked his baby mama with a golf club.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ, Landau Eugene Murphy Jr. -- who won season 6 of 'AGT' -- was arrested Monday night in Whitman, West Virginia for misdemeanor domestic battery and domestic assault.We're told they got into it when he told her he was leaving her ... which escalated into an argument about who would care for their 6-month-old baby. That's when Landau allegedly started slapping her and then struck her under her left eye with a golf club. The brawl spilled outside, where he allegedly slammed her head on the sidewalk.She was treated at a hospital, and cops later arrested Landau. He was released the same night on a $3,500 bond.As for Landau's side ... his manager says the fight was sparked when the singer came home and found his home trashed -- he claims by the girlfriend. He says she destroyed the house with a golf club ... then attacked him with the club and a knife. He claims he was only defending himself, and apologized for the incident.
First responders to Chris Cornell's Detroit hotel room were delayed in their efforts to save him because they had to get him down from the door he used to hang himself ... according to the 911 call.On the just-released call you can hear an MGM Grand Detroit employee tell the dispatcher staffers had been unable to give Chris CPR due to the exercise band around his neck.As we reported ... the Soundgarden frontman used common exercise equipment attached to a carabiner to take his own life.The toxicology report later revealed Chris had several prescription drugs in his system. He was 52.
Conor McGregor promised to K.O. Floyd Mayweather in 4 rounds ... and Floyd responded by saying he's gonna beat that ass!!The trash talk was nothing short of epic as Floyd and Conor faced off in L.A. for the first time since their super fight was announced, with both fighters trading insults ... and dance moves!!Here are some of the most notable quotes:Conor: "He's in a f***in' track suit. He can't even afford a suit anymore!!"Floyd: "I ain't back down from no f***in' body. You line 'em up, and I knock 'em down like bowling pins. And August 26th, I'ma knock this bitch out too!!"Conor: "How's this suit look? ... Got my own line of suits coming out. If you zoom in on the pin stripe, it says 'f*** you!'"Floyd: "Let me show you motherf***ers what a $100 million fighter looks like. Still got 100 million, and ain't even ever touch this s**t!!"Floyd: "I'm an old man ... I'm not the same fighter I was 10 years ago. I'm not the same fighter I was 5 years ago. I'm not the same fighter I was 2 years ago ... but I got enough to beat you. And we know Mr. Tapout like to quit!!"
Kourtney Kardashian is making peace with Scott Disick for the first time in a long time.Kourtney, Scott and their kids did lunch Tuesday at CRU in Nantucket, where eyewitnesses tell us they were ushered to a private room in the back of the restaurant with a nanny in tow. We're told Kourtney appeared to be in good spirits, even taking a selfie with a fan. Scott, on the other hand, was more reserved.This is not, we repeat NOT, for 'KUWTK' content. Our family sources tell us they're on a family vacay, and Scott and Kourt have been on good terms.This appears to be the first time Kourtney's linked up with her baby daddy since the disastrous trip in May they took -- although separately -- to Cannes.They've been preoccupied with other significant others -- Younes Bendjima and Bella Thorne -- and we know Kourtney was pissed at Scott for his drinking and partying binge in France.Still, the whole fam's together again. At least for today.
2:55 PM PT -- According to separation docs, obtained by TMZ, Jeremy wants joint physical and legal custody of their son.Perhaps most interesting -- to Melissa -- is the fact Jeremy lists their date of separation as June 24 ... 4 days before his yacht makeout sesh with Chloe.Jeremy Meeks -- aka the Hot Felon -- is looking to fly solo ... he filed docs to separate from his wife of 8 years days after she said she was going to file for divorce.According to new docs filed on Monday ... the convict-turned-model is seeking legal separation from Melissa Meeks. The couple has a child together, 7-year-old Jeremy Jr., and she has another son from a previous relationship.Meeks' wife recently said she was going to file for divorce from Jeremy after photos surfaced last month of him kissing Topshop heiress, Chloe Green, on a yacht in Turkey. Melissa says she was shocked, because she believed him that the trip was all work.The point of filing for legal separation ... from this point forward all assets will be separate.Not like we didn't see this coming.
Phaedra Parks and Apollo Nida's long, drawn-out divorce case is finally over ... they've reached a settlement that includes a parenting plan.You'll recall the huge hang-ups were spousal support and how they'd split property. She was adamant they had an ironclad prenup but he wanted the judge to toss it out. The agreement is confidential so it's unclear who got what.They also struck a custody agreement -- they'll share joint legal custody and Phaedra will have primary physical custody. Makes sense -- Apollo's serving prison time for money fraud.
Blac Chyna is a massive hypocrite who is every bit as much of a bully as Rob Kardashian ... so claims the guy she once allegedly dated.Pilot Jones says Chyna all but ruined his life after their breakup when she posted his phone number and he began receiving a torrent of death threats. He says he had to move out of L.A. it got so bad.He also says Chyna outed him as bisexual and the situation became so intense he tried to commit suicide.
Shia LaBeouf went on a racist, violent rant in the police car after being arrested early Saturday morning in Georgia.Shia screamed at the cop, "If I had my gun I'll blow your s*** up." And that wasn't all. He said, "You put your own kind in the f***ing pen."As we previously reported, Shia also ranted about being an American who pays his taxes ... and on, and on.
This blows for Kim Kardashian ... she's had to jump on social media to deny a drug rumor based on a video she herself posted.Kim made a video for her Instagram, and some of her followers noticed two nearly perfect white lines on the counter behind her. One follower flat-out accused her of being caught with cocaine.I do not play with rumors like this so I'm gonna shut it down real quick. That's sugar from our candy mess from dylan's candy shop https://t.co/oICdPQVi8dKim tried to put out the fire Tuesday morning, saying ... "That's sugar from our candy mess from dylan's candy shop."The candy thing checks out. She's in NYC, and Sunday she took North shopping for sweets.As for the lines? Pixy Stix powder? C'mon ... we were all kids once, right?
Toby Willis -- the dad from TLC's "The Willis Family" -- is heading to prison for 40 years for raping a child more than a decade ago.Willis pled guilty to 4 counts of child rape Tuesday in court in Cheatham County, Tennessee. He received two 25-year sentences and two 40-year sentences to run concurrently ... and we're told he won't get out until 2057.As we reported ... the TLC star was arrested in September after an investigation revealed he had a sexual encounter approximately 12 years ago with an underage female."The Willis Family" featured Toby, his wife and their 12 children between the ages of 5 and 24 who make up a country music band. The show was canceled last year, before charges were filed.
Shia LaBeouf unleashed an epic drunken rant at Savannah, GA police as they took him into custody -- and bodycam footage shows him repeatedly calling one cop a "dumb f**k" and a "stupid bitch."As we reported ... cops tracked down Shia at his hotel and arrested him in the lobby, but he did not go quietly. He yelled at the officer, "I have rights! I'm an American. You got me in my hotel, arresting me in my hotel for doing what, Sir?"The rant got worse once he was in the police cruiser -- "I'm a f**king American, I pay my taxes, get these s**ts off my f**king arm." He also got racial, telling the black officer ... the President "doesn't give a f**k about you, and you wanna do what? Arrest white people?"After unsuccessfully begging the cops to let him go ... he turned to threats, saying ... "I got more millionaire lawyers than you know what to do with, you stupid bitch!"Once he was back at the police station ... he continued berating the officers, and also complained the handcuffs were way too tight.As we reported, Shia was booked for public intoxication, disorderly conduct and obstruction.
Jesse Williams and Minka Kelly were super low key, but still out in public together for a what looks like a very interestingly timed date night.The rumored couple went to catch a movie Monday night in West Hollywood. They were both sporting ball caps, and Jesse added a hoodie as they left the theater.They posted photos together in Paris back in January, but at the time said they were only hanging out because they were there working on a video game together.
Demi Lovato says Conor McGregor is straight LOCO ... and his insanity is what gives him a legit shot to shock Floyd Mayweather."Conor's crazy! And sometimes you can't beat crazy," Demi told TMZ Sports outside Break Room 86 in L.A.'s K-Town while promoting her new single "Sorry Not Sorry."Demi's a HUUUUGE fight fan -- she's been training at Jay Glazer's Unbreakable Gym in L.A. with some of the top fighters in the world ... and Jay says she's no joke. We've seen video. He's right.But when it comes to the Floyd, Conor thing -- Demi says she's siding with the Irishman ... explaining that a McGregor victory would be massive for the sport she loves.
Blac Youngsta put himself on a cross, and now he's actually getting $10,000 offers ... to delete the damn photo.The rapper/master s**t stirrer posted the pic Monday of himself fully mocking the crucifixion with Tupac's lyrics, "HAIL MARY COME WITH ME." He also said "R.I.P. TUPAC."It appears he was shooting a music video, and not necessarily pulling one of his usual attention-grabbing stunts. Still, most of the nearly 15k people who've commented on the pic have called him everything from corny to disrespectful to ... "about the dumbest mf."
Anthony Weiner and estranged wife Huma Abedin are going their separate ways, with one big exception.The divorcing couple were walking their 5-year-old son, Jordan, Monday in New York City, and judging from the snapshot, they're trying to get along as co-parents.Huma filed for divorce in May, on the heels of Weiner surrendering to the feds for sharing obscene photos with a minor. Weiner pled guilty to transferring obscene material to a minor and could serve as much as 27 months in prison.He's scheduled to be sentenced in September.
Blac Chyna's firing a warning shot at her former side piece -- telling him if he rips a page out of Rob Kardashian's playbook ... it's gonna cost him dearly.Powerhouse attorney Lisa Bloom sent Ferrari a letter -- obtained by TMZ -- warning him not to sell or post any nude pics or images he might have of her. Bloom says, "Posting online or distributing photos of Ms. White's intimate body parts is a crime punishable by fines and jail time."And for good measure ... she also brought up California's revenge porn law. Remember, Ferrari already came within a nipple or so of semi-nudes ... when he posted pics of himself and Chyna in bed.This comes on the heels of BC getting a restraining order against Rob ... who now says he regrets plastering BC's nudes on social media.
Dr. Dre is making his most powerful confession/apology for attacking journalist Dee Barnes back in the '90s, and imploring other men to keep their hands off women.Dre faced the "dark cloud that follows" him during part 2 of HBO's documentary "The Defiant Ones." While the doc focuses on his success in the music biz, Dre admits he absolutely lost it on Barnes in 1991 at an L.A. nightclub.He says, "I was out of my f**king mind at the time. I f**ked up. It's a major blemish on who I am as a man."He's apologized publicly for the beating before, but to be honest -- that came right before "Straight Outta Compton" was released ... and many saw it as a PR move.
The war over the T-Mobile Arena is over -- with the BIG3 basketball league striking a sweet deal to move to another venue so Mayweather and McGregor can square off there on August 26.As we previously reported, Ice Cube's BIG3 league had previously booked T-Mobile for the league championship game months before the fight was announced.Cube had said he was open to striking a deal to move -- and now, that is indeed what has happened ... BIG3 will now play its final game at the nearby MGM Grand Garden earlier in the day. The game will be aired live on FOX."We are grateful to MGM Resorts, Mayweather Promotions and UFC for presenting us with a generous offer that we could not refuse, ensuring that our fans will have the best experience possible at our Big3 Championship Finals at the MGM Grand Garden Arena,” says BIG3 co-founders Ice Cube and Jeff Kwatinetz.Dana White also issued a statement saying he appreciates the BIG3 for "their willingness to work together on bringing the Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor fight to T-Mobile Arena."
Abby Lee Miller's putting a good spin on going to prison ... free rent!!!The former "Dance Moms" star was yukking it up with the paps Monday night leaving Craig's ... and we gotta say, she looked pretty damn chill for someone who is 1 day away from reporting to prison for a year.You'll recall she pled guilty to multiple fraud counts in connection with trying to hide $755,000 in earnings from the government. No word on what Abby's final meal was, but she's a fan of the bargain brands.
Jesse Williams had harsh words for people who harshly judged him over his divorce ... and he did it on a Jay-Z video.Jesse had 25 seconds on Jay-Z's 11-minute newest release, "Footnotes from 4:44" ... talking about the ongoing divorce and custody dispute with estranged wife, Aryn Drake-Lee.Jesse says ... "I was in a relationship 13 years, 13 real years, not 5 years, not 7 years, 13 years and all of a sudden mother f****** are writing think pieces that I somehow threw a 13-year relationship -- like the most painful experience I've had in my life like with a person I've loved with all my heart -- that I threw a person and my family in the trash because a girl I work with is cute."
Ben Affleck is leaving no doubt -- he and 'SNL' producer Lindsay Shookus are in a relationship -- but someone needs to throw in the towel, because as you see from Ben's shirt, L.A.'s super humid.The couple stepped out for pizza Monday night in the Pacific Palisades. They were also spotted leaving a coffee shop Monday morning.As we reported Ben had moved on and started dating someone back in April when Jennifer Garner filed for divorce ... looks like Lindsay was that woman. The divorce should be final in a few months. We're told it's completely amicable.
Hail to the chief ... Conor McGregor!?During Conor's insanely expensive Rodeo Drive shopping spree in Bev Hills on Monday, we asked the Irish superstar if he would be inviting the President of Ireland to sit ringside at the Mayweather fight.His response is classic ... "I am the President of Ireland. He's fighting that night!"Conor is undoubtedly one of the most Irish men alive -- in fact, there was a movement to honor McGregor last year by putting his face on official Irish money.
Skrillex wants a fan who's suing him to undergo a second psychiatric evaluation, but she's telling him to take a hike.Jennifer Fraissl sued the DJ back in February 2014 after he jumped from the stage during a performance in Downtown L.A. Jennifer says Skrillex landed on top of her and she suffered a stroke as a result of the trauma.The suit's been going back-and-forth, and now Skrillex wants Jennifer to undergo an independent psychiatric evaluation to determine the emotional impact caused by her alleged injuries.But in docs, obtained by TMZ, Jennifer says she's refusing to go through the exam ... especially because she already has with her own doctors.The judge will decide if she has to submit to further testing.
Floyd Mayweather is straight FIRE on rollerskates!!!Seriously -- TBE took a break from his McGregor training camp to hit up the Crystal Palace Skating Center in Vegas over the weekend and DOMINATED everyone else on the floor!We're talkin' criss crosses, heels, grapevines (we looked it up) -- he was carving through the normies like he was Brian Boitano on wheels!
Lil Yachty's new chain will have people seeing double ... it's a diamond-encrusted replica of his own mug.Yachty worked with Gabriel Jacobs, owner of Rafaello and Co., on the piece. Gabe's shop snapped the pic and used it to create the chain and it's clear he paid attention to detail.It's over 100 carats and took over a month to make. All the diamonds had to be sourced because they're "natural" ... meaning none of them have been artificially colored. Explains the stiff $150K price tag.Gabe says he's about 95% done. He still has to add Yachty's signature braids into the mix, but plans on hand-delivering the chain to him by the end of the week.


Rachel Lindsay got treated to a harsh truth on "The Bachelorette" from one of her favorite suitors ... with him telling her he won't propose if he isn't ready.Fan fave contestant Peter Kraus got brutally honest with Rachel on Monday night's episode -- first telling her a super sad story about his last girlfriend, and then saying if he felt any doubt about proposing come game time ... he would let her know.It's a bold move on Peter's part -- she could've cut him right then and there. Lucky for him, Rachel seemed to appreciate the truth more than the possibility of being left hanging by the end of the show ... and she gave him a rose.Rachel will be meeting Peter's fam next week ... and those of at least a couple other contestants.
Conor McGregor has landed in Bev Hills -- and he's spending crazy money and talking smack!!!We got Conor in the middle of a super expensive shopping spree at Versace, Dolce, etc -- where he told TMZ Sports, "I'm on Rodeo Drive! I'm blowing f*cking loads of it!"We also asked Conor about reports that his opponent Floyd Mayweather owes MILLIONS to the IRS for not paying off his 2015 income taxes ... a number that some estimate could be more than $100 mil."That's gotta sting," McGregor said ... "He shoulda paid his taxes and stayed retired and kept my name out of his mouth!"He also told us he'll be way smarter with his money ... as he continued to drop thousands at some of the most expensive stores in the world.Conor also had one last note about Floyd -- "He's f*cked now."
Keyshia Cole put a serious hurting on the woman she accused of banging Birdman ... at least according to the woman who's now demanding $4 million to cover a slew of alleged injuries.You'll recall, Keyshia was dating Birdman in 2014 when, according to a police report, she found Sabrina Mercadel at his L.A. penthouse, flew into a jealous rage, and allegedly beat the hell out of her. Sabrina's now laying out the full extent of her damages (financial and physical):- $1.5 mil, pain and suffering- $500k, emotional distress- $2 mil, loss of use of body part- $200k, future medical expenses- $50k, loss of earnings- $300k, future loss of earningsSabrina was also suing Birdman's building, however she's since dropped the pad from the lawsuit. She also insists her relationship with Birdman was "plutonic."
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna may be at war with each other, but we've learned they're in lockstep when it comes to co-parenting 8-month-old Dream.Sources close to mom and dad tell us Rob and Chyna have been operating under an unwritten arrangement where they each are entitled to physical custody 50% of the time. We're told the arrangement has been "loose by consent" and recently Rob has had the kid 4 days a week and Blac Chyna picks up the remaining 3. The staff of nannys/baby nurses are always present.Our sources say they have had no problem on co-parenting, which includes child-rearing decisions. Somehow they have been able to wall off their personal beef.We're also told Rob and Blac Chyna have no plan to go to court and ask a judge to make a formal child custody order, although we are told they will probably memorialize the arrangement in writing.BTW ... during Monday's hearing, when Chyna got a restraining order against Rob, he had the kid.
Jessica Simpson's drivers license says 37, as of today, but you could never tell it from her ass ... which she put on full display.Jess spent at least part of her birthday tanning her cheeks in her pool, while sipping on what looks like a fruity adult beverage. She captioned this piece of art ... "Kiss My Butt 36." Suddenly wish your name was 36?Happy birthday, Jessica -- hard to believe it's been 12 years since ya slipped into the Daisy Dukes ... sure doesn't look it!
Ben Affleck's looking more and more like he's locking in 'SNL' producer Lindsay Shookus as his new gf ... 'cause they had a coffee/juice date Monday morning.Ben and Lindsay grabbed Starbucks in Brentwood after apparently spending the weekend together. They reportedly had a dinner date Thursday night at Giorgio Baldi ... one of Ben's fave spots.We broke the story ... Ben and Jen Garner officially filed for divorce earlier this year. We were told they were already seeing other people.
TMZ Sports has obtained an audio recording of the alleged domestic dispute involving Alberto Del Rio and Paige -- in which an emotional Paige screams out, "Stay out of my life. Leave me the f*ck alone."The person who recorded the audio -- a huge wrestling fan -- says she recognized the couple while they were arguing Sunday in the middle of Orlando International Airport in Florida.The witness says she recorded the incident as evidence.You can hear Alberto and Paige yelling -- clearly upset -- with Alberto saying, "Call the cops. Let's do it. Get the cops."It sounds like he's talking to Paige ... who yells back, "Just stay out of my life. Leave me the f*ck alone. I’m trying to get away from you."Moments later, Alberto says, "I'm pressing charges against you."Witnesses tell TMZ Sports it was clear Alberto and Paige were arguing with each other and Paige stormed off at the end of the exchange.We're told a police officer responded to the scene and spoke with Alberto -- though he was not arrested.The twist ... Paige issued a statement on Twitter insisting both she and ADR called police on a 3rd party, a female fan, who she claims threw a drink on Alberto when he refused to take a picture with her.We spoke with law enforcement -- but they made no reference to a 3rd party and told us they were investigating the matter as a domestic violence issue.We made calls to reps for Alberto and Paige -- so far, no word back.
Haley's attorney Dina LaPolt tells TMZ ... the bouncers assaulted Haley, without provocation. She also says, "After forcefully removing [Haley] they violently beat her friend, who sustained multiple injuries. We believe that she will be exonerated of all charges once the investigation is completed."LaPolt added ... Haley plans to take legal action against the bar and the staff.   Former "American Idol" contestant Haley Reinhart got busted for punching a bouncer in the head ... TMZ has learned.Cops say Haley got arrested early Saturday morning at a suburban Chicago pub called the Lamplighter Inn. Officers showed up around 2 AM after bouncers tossed Haley and some friends for knocking over a table. Cops say as they were being shown the door -- Haley, who stands at a generous 5'2" -- uncorked a closed fist on the bouncer.She was taken into custody and booked for battery.Haley went deep into season 10 of 'Idol' ... taking third place. She's currently on the Netflix show "F Is for Family."
Ricki Lake plans to honor the memory of her late ex-husband, Christian Evans﻿, by spreading his ashes at the same place they got engaged.Ricki posted a pic Friday of herself near a beach in Ibiza, with the caption ... "Es Vedra and me. #magical #Ibiza. Bringing my beloved home. #christianevans #loveiseternal."Sources close to the former talk show host tell TMZ she's there to spread Christian's ashes because that's where he popped the question to her, and it's a place they visited often as a couple.We're told Christian introduced Ricki to Ibiza years ago, and they went there every summer since. They were still very much in love, despite getting divorced ﻿in 2014.
Chris Christie's first stint as a sports talk radio host was more like a boxing match -- trading blows with callers over BeachGate ... with one guy telling him to take his "fat ass" to a beach where ALL his constituents can sunbathe.Christie was guest hosting/auditioning for Mike Francesa's legendary sports talk show on WFAN in New York -- and was mostly keeping the topics to sports ... until they opened it up to callers.That's when Mike from Montclair (a regular caller on the show) blasted Christie for last week's NJ beach scandal ... when Chris took his family to a beach that was closed to the public amid a budget standoff."Hey Governor, the next time you want to sit on a beach that is closed to the entire world except you, you put your fat ass in a car and go to one that's open to all your constituents ... not just you and yours."Christie fired back by calling the guy a communist ... and then hanging up on him.By the way, the caller told the screener he wanted to talk about Aaron Judge. This was way more fun.
Gwen Stefani created a dangerous stampede at one of her concerts when she invited fans to rush the stage ... at least according to a woman who's suing her for just that.Lisa Stricklin just filed suit against the No Doubt singer, claiming she invited lawn seat fans to come forward into a reserved seated area at the PNC Pavilion at her Charlotte, NC concert last July.In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Stricklin says Stefani shouted ... "Just fill in anywhere you like! Who cares about your lawn chairs? You can get new ones!" ... which allegedly prompted a ton of people to stampede into the seated area, injuring Stricklin.She claims her leg was broken in the chaos, and she had to shell out for surgery and treatment afterward. She also says Stefani acknowledged the mistake that same night by saying "I got in so much trouble for telling you guys to come up here!"
Janet Jackson touched down in New York Monday morning with her 6-month-old son, Eissa, and the little guy is one heck of a cute baby!It's Eissa's first trip to the U.S. that we know of. The kid, whose dad is Qatari billionaire Wissam Al Mana, was born in London back in January and has been there as his parents hash out their divorce.Wissam moved out of the couple's London pad in April, but no word yet on custody and where little Eissa will have permanent roots.
Blac Chyna says she's "terrified" of Rob Kardashian, in part because he has a gun and has threatened to use it to kill himself.Chyna's celeb lawyer, Lisa Bloom, filed new docs Monday, adding to her client's claims of violence. As we reported, she says in addition to Rob attacking her in April, that same month, Chyna now says Rob punched her, knocked her to the ground and she ran in fear to her bedroom, where Rob punched a hole through the door to get at her.Chyna says she's afraid the new series of online attacks -- where he posted naked pics of her and other personal information -- "will lead to increased irrational behavior and that he might harm her in his anger."
Nelsan Ellis' heart failure was triggered by alcohol withdrawal complications.The "True Blood" star's family said Nelsan -- who died Saturday -- struggled with drug and alcohol abuse for years and his latest attempt to withdraw from booze on his own led to his death.The family said, "During his withdrawal from alcohol he had a blood infection, his kidneys shut down, his liver was swollen, his blood pressure plummeted, and his dear sweet heart raced out of control."The family went on to say Nelsan "was ashamed of his addiction and thus was reluctant to talk about it during his life. His family, however, believes that in death he would want his life to serve as a cautionary tale in an attempt to help others."
Hilary Duff has a new young dude in her life, and he's already getting very familiar with her bikini bod.Hilary was with the mystery man over the weekend on a Malibu beach. Don't know how long they've been together, but they weren't shy about getting physical in the water. Besides a makeout sesh ... they also did some surfing.She's definitely got his back.Looks like Hil's moved on from celeb trainer Jason Walsh, who she was dating this past Fall.
Gotta hand it to Shia LaBeouf ... the man isn't letting his weekend arrest keep him from getting his job done.Shia was back onset of his movie, "The Peanut Butter Falcon," Monday in Savanna, GA ... looking like everything was aces. TMZ broke the story ... Shia was arrested Saturday morning for disorderly conduct, obstruction and public drunkenness.Cops say it all started after Shia was rejected after asking someone for a cigarette. He was told to leave after swearing in front of women and kids.The guy's got a habit of bouncing back. Unfortunately, he's also developed a habit of drunken arrests.
Joanna Krupa has filed for divorce from husband Romain Zago ... TMZ has learned.Joanna filed legal docs claiming the marriage is "irretrievably broken." It's clearly not going to be contentious ... according to the docs, obtained by TMZ, the couple hashed out who gets what in a Marital Settlement Agreement dated today, July 10, 2017.Both Joanna and Romain have agreed not to seek spousal support against the other.Based on the docs, even though Joanna is the petitioner, it looks like she and Romain jointly filed for divorce.The couple married in 2013 and have no kids.We're told it was "extremely amicable" and they remain friends.
Blac Chyna got the restraining order she sought against Rob Kardashian ... and she celebrated outside court with her attorneys.Chyna was flanked by Lisa Bloom and Walter Mosley as they laid out the terms of the restraining order. Rob is now barred from any further cyberbullying of Chyna -- including posting photos or videos of her, or making any personal comments about her. He also has to stay away from her.Rob was not in court, but his attorney, Robert Shapiro, was ... and also spoke briefly to the media after the hearing. As we first reported, Shapiro did not contest the restraining order ... and said Rob is just interested in doing what's best for their daughter, Dream.
Blac Chyna had a poker face as she arrived at the courthouse with her lawyer, Lisa Bloom, as they set their sights on a restraining order against Rob Kardashian.Chyna wouldn't talk about additional allegations of violence, first reported by TMZ ... she said nothing as she arrived for the 8:30 AM PT hearing.As we reported, Rob's lawyer, Robert Shapiro, told TMZ he'd stipulate to the restraining order, which prohibits Rob from slut shaming his baby mama. Shapiro says Rob "regrets" his social media rampage and his only concern now is baby Dream.
Rob Kardashian will not fight Blac Chyna in court Monday ... we've learned he will agree to the restraining order she is seeking against him.Rob's lawyer, Robert Shapiro, tells TMZ, Rob's cyberbullying last week was "a spontaneous reaction that he regrets."We're told Shapiro will appear on Rob's behalf and immediately tell the judge there is no need for a hearing because Rob has no interest contesting her request for a restraining order that prohibits him from posting personal information about her and intimate photos as well.
Jeremy Lin believes Asian people have an uphill battle when it comes to making it in America -- essentially saying basketball players and non-athletes of Asian descent are "underestimated" in the U.S.The Brooklyn Nets star was giving an interview in Mandarin Chinese to an ESPN reporter when he was asked how he felt about NBA summer league standouts Zhou Qi and Ding Yanyuhang, both from mainland China."I’m very happy and hope they can perform well," Lin said."In the U.S., a lot of -- doesn’t matter if it's basketball players or people in other professions -- they look at Chinese people or Asians and they surely will underestimate us.""So I think if we can have more Asian basketball players it will help our masculinity a lot."It's not the first time Lin has talked about the way Asian men are viewed in American society -- back in April, he gave an interview saying Asian men are viewed differently (and unfairly) from sports to dating ... but has hope that things will change.
Wiz Khalifa is totally cool with 21 Savage hanging around his baby mama, Amber Rose, or their kid.We got Wiz leaving Tao in Hollywood, arm in arm with Brazilian model Izabela Guedes, who he's been dating for several months. We asked him about Amber getting close with Savage, and he says -- early reviews are good for the new rapper in her life.But honestly ... Wiz seemed to be on cloud 9 about everything -- his new chick, new music, his fans. Basically, it's all good in Wiz's hood.Amber's too ...
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna are making new allegations of domestic violence against each other, and both claim the alleged incidents are captured on video.Chyna -- who's in court Monday morning for a domestic violence restraining order against Rob -- has already claimed Rob got physical with her.Sources connected with Chyna tell us she will add other claims, including one incident several months ago where she says Rob allegedly hit her and knocked her to the ground. She says she ran to her bedroom and he broke the door open. She supposedly has photos and videos of the incident.As for Rob, sources close to the situation say in December, the day Chyna moved out of the house she and Rob were sharing, she tried choking him with an iPhone cord and tried hitting him with a metal rod. The sources say Corey Gamble walked in and pulled Chyna off Rob. She then allegedly went through the house, smashing televisions, doors and other items, causing $35k in damage. The sources say Rob has surveillance video documenting the incident.We're also told Rob's lawyers have texts from the time Chyna moved out, in which she told a friend that Rob would never hit her. Our sources say they feel the messages help to vindicate Rob.
Rob Kardashian's lawyer will appear in court Monday morning and tell the judge ... his client will voluntarily refrain from attacking/bullying Blac Chyna on social media.Sources connected with Rob tell us, he'll be represented by Robert Shapiro of OJ Simpson fame, and Shapiro will not oppose the TRO ... mostly because they are routinely granted when the alleged victim claims violence. As we reported, Chyna says Rob got physical with her back in April.We're told Shapiro's main reason for showing up on Rob's behalf is to discuss custody arrangements involving Dream.Our sources say Shapiro will attempt to assure the judge Rob will not post intimate pics of Chyna, nor will he post her medical or other personal information. And ... no more slut shaming.There is a wild card ... whether Shapiro raises a First Amendment issue about restricting Rob's use of social media.
Carrie Fisher's most prized possessions are about to hit the auction block ... but behind the scenes there's a scramble because turns out some of the items weren't hers at all.There's a lot of intrigue over what happened, so let's tell it like a movie:SCENE 1:  BIG ANNOUNCEMENT!!! You can own a cherished memento of Carrie Fisher -- maybe even something from "Star Wars" -- if you open your wallet ... big. The auction page advertised "The Personal Property of Carrie Fisher and Debbie Reynolds."SCENE 2: GOOD MORNING AMERICA. Carrie's bro, Todd, appears on the show last month to promote the auction and takes viewers on a tour of her home. He stops at a Yoda statue and refers to it as "her Yoda."SCENE 3: FRIDAY, JULY 7th. Someone sends an email to TMZ, pointing out the Yoda was never owned by Carrie and was purchased by Todd at an auction in March, months after her death. That made us say, "Hmmmm."SCENE 4: INTRIGUE. We contacted CGA, the company that was hired by the auction house -- Profiles in History -- to authenticate 20 action figures, which were labeled, "The Carrie Fisher Collection." Turns out, at least 4 of the action figures were not Carrie's and were also purchased at the "Yoda" auction. We're told CGA is now so concerned about authenticity they've asked to get all 20 items back for another look.SCENE 5: OOPS. A rep for the auction house tells us they were always planning on selling separate items as "The Fisher Family Collection," in addition to items personally owned by Carrie and Debbie. That confused us, because items purchased at auction 3 months ago are not exactly part of the family.SCENE 6: WHAT'S TO BECOME OF YODA? Relax, he'll stay put in the Fisher family. The auction rep tells us it's not going up for auction.The auction will go down in September and a portion of the proceeds will go to charity.
Julianne Hough had to pull her wedding out of a ditch ... before she successfully made it down the aisle.The "Dancing with the Stars" judge tied the knot with NHL star Brooks Laich over the weekend in Idaho -- but it was a rough rough ride getting there. One of the coaches porting their guests to the outdoor affair ... ended up in a ditch.No one was hurt, and the bride and groom made it safely to the altar. Equally crucial to the big day ... Julianne's bro, Derek Hough's phone was apparently not damaged ... so he was able to text through the event.Mazel!
Blac Chyna says Rob Kardashian treats her like dirt and she had no option but to take him to court.Chyna appeared Monday AM on "Good Morning America" with celeb lawyer Lisa Bloom. She ran though the reasons why she's in court this morning trying to get a restraining order.Chyna denies liking any of the super personal photos Rob posted, and she explains why she sent Rob video of a guy who was in bed with her.
"Bachelor in Paradise" has a new way of reeling in viewers ... tapping into the sex scandal that temporarily shipwrecked the show.Production sources tell TMZ, host Chris Harrison held a powwow with the cast on the first day back to film the show after the Warner Bros. probe concluded there was no sexual assault ... and the cameras were rolling as he took people back to the Corinne Olympios/DeMario Jackson sexual escapade in the pool.We're told Harrison dramatically recounted how a producer expressed concerns and it turned into a full blown scandal. After taking everyone through the investigation, he paused, then asked the cast if they were comfortable continuing, and gave them a chance to pack up and leave.To absolutely no one's surprise, everyone stayed, drank and even banged in the boom boom room.Lemonade ... it comes from lemons.
Blac Chyna's alleged ex-bf might be getting ready to spill more of her secrets ... but he still thinks Rob Kardashian's revenge porn stunt was wrong.We got Pilot Jones leaving Rostrum Records in L.A. -- where he's currently filming a reality show -- and we asked what he made of Rob's social media eruption.Pilot's response seems pretty tame for someone who's supposedly about to dish even more dirt about Chyna.. As we reported ... he plans to accuse her of a breach of dating ethics.Still, he doesn't condone posting her nudes. Also ... karma.
NBA YoungBoy destroyed a Lamborghini rental and ditched it ... a car he wasn't even supposed to be driving in the first place ... according to a new lawsuit.Exotic Car Rental in Los Angeles claims the rapper crashed the 2016 Lamborghini Huracan Spyder on June 29 after speeding down a residential street ... then left it on the side of the road with severe damage and took off.According to the docs, YoungBoy's agent actually rented the car on June 27 and agreed he'd be the only person to operate the Lambo and would be "personally liable for any and all damages."Exotic Car Rental claims the car was totaled, with damages exceeding $350,000. They want YoungBoy and his agent to pay ... plus any additional costs related to the wreck-and-run.Sources close to YoungBoy deny he had any involvement with the car accident and claim the Lambo was rented by a guy in his crew ... not his agent. We're told the reason the car was left behind is because there was an injury that required a ride to the hospital.However, sources close to Exotic tell us the rapper was ID'd by an eyewitness on the scene.Law enforcement is still investigating.
Jason Kidd could have a new nickname -- Octodad -- 'cause the Milwaukee Bucks coach's ex-wife says he's expecting his 8th child!!We spoke with Joumana Kidd outside Delilah in West Hollywood -- where the TV host broke the baby news to TMZ Sports ... and said she couldn't be happier for J and his wife, Porschla.Kidd's oldest son -- Jason Kidd Jr. -- was also out that night (in more ways than one) ... telling TMZ Sports he's just wants to keep the crown as the "gay son" in the family.It's the first time Kidd Jr.'s gone public with his sexuality -- and told us in a statement, "My sexuality doesn't change me, it only makes me the pink glittery sheep of the family. And I own it."We reached out to Kidd about the baby news -- but so far, no word back.

Kendall Jenner doesn't need a bathing suit to go swimming at the beach ... her see-through dress will do just fine.Kendall was at a beach party with Bella Hadid Sunday on the Greek island of Mykonos, where she decided to take a dip in a transparent black dress ... champagne bottle in hand and all.Kendall and Bella have been on a bit of a Eurotrip of sorts ... bouncing around from Paris to London for Pride, and now Greece in a matter of about a week.As for the wardrobe malfunction here, she clearly doesn't seem to mind how tightly the wet dress clings to her body -- and, frankly, neither do we.The real question: who's the dude flinging her around? Better call A$AP﻿.
Prince Harry became Mr. Brightside at The Killers' concert this weekend -- throwing on a hat and guzzling beer with the common folk at a British music festival.Harry was seen hangin' with some friends Saturday at Hyde Park in London, where he caught the band's headlining set for British Summer Time.His girlfriend, Meghan Markle, wasn't with him -- but that didn't stop His Highness from having a damn good time. He was snapping some selfies, throwing around thumbs-up signs and downing Heineken like nobody's business ... all from what appears to be a private booth. The guy's royalty, after all.
Ted Cruz thinks James Harden deserves every nickel of his historic $228 million contract extension with the Houston Rockets ... just as long as it pays off on the court.The Texas senator was in D.C. Sunday morning where he was asked what he thought of Harden landing the record NBA deal. He gives a bit of a stump speech answer at first -- saying Harden and CP3 should give Golden State a run for their money.
Amanda Nunes pulled out of her UFC 213 fight because she was dealing with a chronic condition that didn't allow her to breathe properly ... according to the brawler herself.Amanda posted a statement Sunday explaining her sudden withdrawal from her main event fight against Valentina Shevchenko﻿, saying she suffers from chronic sinusitis.She goes on to explain that she's fought with the condition before, but couldn't soldier on this time because she felt off balance and couldn't breathe at the official weigh-in. She also says UFC docs cleared her based on blood and dehydration tests ... but a CT scan later found mucus build-up in her sinuses.As we reported ... Amanda pulled out of UFC 213 last minute Saturday, only hours before her title match. She told UFC officials she did not feel well enough to step in the Octagon.
1:23 PM PT : Organizers of the Mad Cool Music Festival have explained why they did not cancel the show following the acrobat's death, saying they followed orders from state and local security forces who felt canceling the show would present a safety issue ... and that people would possibly react violently at an event of about 45,000 attendees. Green Day says they didn't find out that an acrobat died in a performance before their set at a music festival in Spain until AFTER they had left the stage.Pedro Aunion Monroy fell to his death Saturday at the Mad Cool Music Festival in Madrid, Spain.In a statement posted to the band's website on Sunday, frontman Billie Joe Armstrong said, "We are so sad for Pedro and his family and we pray for them in this time of grief."As to why the band continued to play after the acrobat's death, Armstrong insists they weren't told about Pedro's death until AFTER the performance. "We had no clue there was any such accident", he says.Armstrong adds that the band was only made aware of a "security issue." They were not told any more specifics than that, which Armstrong says is normal.Only after the concert was the band told of Pedro's shocking death. The band said had they known about Pedro’s death they likely would not have performed.“We are not heartless people," Armstrong says... "The safety and well being at any of our concerts absolutely comes first. What happened to Pedro is unthinkable. Once again we are heartbroken for his friends and family. We are also shocked and heartbroken for anyone that had to witness this tragedy."
The upcoming "Star Wars" Han Solo installment has gone through some changes, but one thing we know for sure ... Woody Harrelson will hang with Han and Chewbacca in the movie at some point.In new pics from the set, obtained by TMZ, Harrelson's character Beckett meets up with Han Solo -- played by Alden Ehrenreich -- and Chewie in what looks like some sort of space station.We're told these shots were taken during filming before Ron Howard took over as director, replacing Phil Lord and Chris Miller. You can also see Harrelson meeting with a female character ... possibly Emilia Clarke's?The film -- a story of young Han Solo prior to the original 1977 'Star Wars' plot -- is expected to be released in May 2018.
LaVar Ball is fed up with people calling his family the Kardashians of basketball, telling TMZ Sports his clan ain't nothing like the Calabasas crew ... and he HATES the comparison.We got LaVar out in L.A. and asked him about the new Ball reality show, and if this officially makes his family the Kardashians of the hardwood."I ain't no Kardashain, I ain't Kris Jenner. We the Balls, welcome to the Ball era."Keeping it real, the Kardashian comparisons make sense. Each family has one super famous kid, names that start with the same letter, and like Kris Jenner, LaVar seems to be a branding genius.Add in the new reality show and all you need is a steady influx of Black athletes for them to be identical ... wait, got that too.But do you want to be the one to call out LaVar on it? We thought not.
T.I. has a PSA for all the fellas out there ... but mostly Rob Kardashian.We got the rapper at LAX Saturday, and after our guy asked him about getting in the middle of Rob's social media rampage against Blac Chyna last week ... he dropped these words of advice/thinly veiled insults.As you'll recall ... Tip chimed in when Rob was going off on Chyna and airing her dirty laundry on his now deleted Instagram. So then Rob went after T.I., claiming he paid Chyna to have a threesome.
Kourtney Kardashian was back in full mom mode Saturday, helping one of her daughters celebrate.KK was at the Coffee Bean in Calabasas with daughter Penelope, who was clearly overjoyed it was her 5th birthday.The 38-year-old just got back from Saint-Tropez, where she canoodled with 23-year-old model/boyfriend Younes Bendjima ... whom she's been dating now for months,.As we've reported, Kourtney and Scott are not getting along after his trip to Cannes. We haven't seen them together since the Film Festival.

Steve-O's not just a daredevil pulling off crazy stunts and scorching himself for entertainment ... he's also a talented gymnast with crazy balance!!!TMZ got exclusive video of the "Jackass" star performing at the Comedy Works club in Denver Thursday night ... pulling off an amazing cup trick ... just days after his arms were torched in a stunt gone wrong.Steve-O's working on a new project with "Jackass" director Jeff Tremaine, and if his burnt arms are any indication ... it'll be painful to watch.
DeMario Jackson is not only willing ... he's eager to appear on a "Bachelor in Paradise" reunion show so he can hug all his former castmates who privately supported him over Corinne Olympios' sexual assault allegations.DeMario was at Toast in L.A. Saturday and he clearly holds no grudges.  Listen to him describe his feelings for Corinne ... this after she came on strong that she did not have the capacity to consent to a sexual escapade with DeMario in a swimming pool.
Safaree says Meek Mill wouldn't dare try another sneak attack, and if he does God help him.We got Safaree at the TCL Theater (formally the Grauman's Chinese) Saturday for Ray J's "Redemption" screening, and he's very clearly still hot as fish grease over the attack during BET weekend.Safaree thinks Meek's too much of a coward to face him 1 on 1, and it sounds like he has a play if Meek's boyz try again to beat his ass.
10:03 AM PT -- Looks like Bella was having a little fun with her latest beau, who actually turns out to be Blackbear disguised as DJ Marshmello, not 'mello himself.While the all-white outfit and square-shaped helmet are typical for Marshmello, the ink on display definitely belongs to Blackbear.Blackbear and Marshmello have a new collab due out soon and yesterday, Blackbear posted a pic on his Instagram of him wearing Marshmello's helmet.Bella Thorne is no marshmello ... but she's dating one.Bella and DJ Marshmello showed up at The Filmore in NYC Saturday night to watch Blackbear.No one knows who Marshmello really is -- could be Scott Disick -- but she seemed into him .. at least for the night.He blew up in 2015 when he released remixes of Zedd's "Beautiful Now," Jack U's "Where Are U Now" and other stuff as well.As for Scott ... they seem to be hooking up, but on both ends it seems pretty non-exclusive.
A White House jumper scored a triple -- getting arrested for a third time, she told cops she'll keep returning because she's married to President Trump.Jessica Rhea Ford was arrested Thursday, but instead of doing the fence thing ... she switched it up and tried to enter as a tourist. She was caught at the visitor center where an agent recognized her from her last attempt in May.According to docs, Ford stuck to her pattern of warning cops ... informing them she was hopping a bus to D.C. -- and even though a Secret Service agent warned her she'd be arrested, she persisted.
Lexi Thexton﻿'s message to DeMario Jackson ﻿for ditching her to go on "The Bachelorette?" -- the pose says it all ... ya assed out on getting this!!!Lexi showed off her buns in a pink bikini in Santa Monica ... and she's as hot as the sand.You'll recall Rachel Lindsay infamously booted DeMario when Lexi made a surprise 'Bachelorette' appearance to confront him for going on the show even though, according to her, they were still an item.
Channing Tatum might wanna watch his back, there's another guy gunning for his role in the 'X-Men' spinoff, 'Gambit,' ... and dude's got a flashy stick.Nick Bateman went viral last week with his own slick version of a 'Gambit' trailer -- but that video isn't all visual effects. We found out Nick's the real deal with that bo staff when we spotted him outside Playa Provisions in Playa del Rey, CA.There's hope for Nick ... the film's been in the works for 3 years, and while Channing's the last name attached, they've yet to shoot a frame.If he moves on to a new project ... you know who's waiting in the wings. With his stick.
Lionel Messi's having a great week -- like super duper great -- and the celebration's continuing for him on his honeymoon in the Caribbean.Messi and his new wife, Antonella Roccuzzo, hit up the beach with their 2 sons for some fun in the sun ... and an epic game of Smashball!!!If it looks like the soccer star doesn't have a care in the world, it's probably because he signed a massive contract with FC Barcelona -- $33.6 million a year through 2021 -- just days after tying the knot with his childhood sweetheart.Oh and by the way ... she looks smoking hot.
"Gotham" star Donal Logue can breathe a sigh of relief -- his missing teenager has returned home safely.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... Logue's 16-year-old daughter Jade was found this morning in North Carolina at a friend's house. A joint NYPD-FBI investigation led to her discovery.According to Logue's rep ... "Jade is now safely back home with her family."Logue has been posting on social media since June 27 with pleas for her to return home, as well as descriptions and photos asking for the public's help. On Thursday he wrote ... "Jade, c’mon home, you sweet, beautiful, soul. We love and miss you dearly."
Nelsan Ellis -- known for his role as Lafayette Reynolds on HBO's "True Blood" -- has died after complications from heart failure.Ellis also appeared in "The Help," and starred in the TV show, "Elementary."  He also appeared in the moves, "Get On Up" and "The Stanford Prison Experiment"  ... and played Martin Luther King, Jr. in "Lee Daniels' The Butler."HBO issued a statement saying Ellis will be dearly missed.So far no word on the underlying problem that triggered the heart failure.He leaves behind a son.Ellis was 39.
Amanda Nunes has mysteriously pulled out of her title match with Valentina Shevchenko ... and we say mysterious because that's the way UFC views it.TMZ Sports has learned Nunes complained this week about not feeling well and went to the hospital both Friday and Saturday. Our sources say doctors repeatedly checked her out but found nothing wrong. Nonetheless, Nunes said she was not well enough to fight Saturday night and has pulled out.Since her decision came just hours before the fight, we're told the co-main event is now the main event -- Yoel Romero v. Robert Whittaker.And get this ... we're told UFC Strawweight champ Joanna Jedrzejczyk called UFC officials Saturday late morning and begged to replace Nunes on a minute's notice. What's amazing about this is Joanna weighs 115 lbs but is willing to fight in the 135 class.She told UFC officials she had a suitcase with clothes to fight and was ready, but the UFC couldn't allow such a disparity in the Octagon ... but they think she's totally baller for asking.
Webbie's GF is battered with deep cuts and bruises from head to toe ... injuries allegedly suffered at the hands of her rapper boyfriend.TMZ's obtained photos Webbie's gf says are the result of hours of torture July 5 when she was allegedly beaten and held by Webbie against her will in a Louisiana hotel room. The photos are really disturbing ... cuts to her feet, elbow and bruises under her arms and leg.Sources close to the woman say she also suffered a fractured nose, hematomas, and belt marks on her back, arms and legs.As we reported ... Webbie was arrested in Baton Rouge and charged with second degree battery, false imprisonment, and domestic abuse by strangulation ... all felonies.
Cristiano Ronaldo can move like nobody else on the pitch ... but still has some work to do before he looks as graceful on water.The famous soccer star showed off his flyboarding skills in the sea near Ibiza ... but had to take a dive when the jet pack didn't go the way he expected. All good, though ... he could just regroup on his mega yacht.Ronaldo's in Spain with his gf Georgina Rodriguez, who had some fun on a jet ski herself.
An acrobat fell 100 feet to his death during a performance before Green Day took the stage at a music fest in Spain ... and the fatal moment was caught on video.The acrobat -- Pedro Aunion Monroy from Brighton, UK -- was high above the stage in an illuminated cage during a tribute to Prince when something went terribly wrong and he fell out of it. The performance was in between sets of Alt-J and Green Day at the Mad Cool Festival in Madrid, Spain.The disturbing footage shows some of the 35,000 people in the crowd scream as they see Monroy free-falling to the ground.Green Day is taking heat for playing their gig less than 30 minutes after the tragedy, but the band issued a statement saying they weren't informed of Monroy's accident until they walked off stage.
10:30 AM PT -- Cops say early Saturday morning, Shia approached someone for a cigarette. When the person said no, they say he started swearing in front of women and kids. He was told to leave but refused and became aggressive toward an officer.When the cop tried to arrest Shia, the actor ran to a nearby hotel. He was arrested in the lobby and continued being unruly.8:45 AM PT -- ﻿Shia was released from jail at 11 A.M. ET on a $3,500 bond.Shia LaBeouf has been arrested in Georgia for being wasted and losing control of himself ... TMZ has learned.Shia was taken into custody at 4 A.M. Saturday morning. He was booked for disorderly conduct, obstruction and public drunkenness. At the time of this post Shia is still in custody.The actor has been down this road before ... Shia was arrested in 2014 outside a New York City cabaret for "drunken behavior." He was arrested in West Hollywood in 2008 for drunk driving.Story developing ...
Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid held hands and joined up with more than 25,000 people at the Pride Parade in London ... in matching rainbow cowboy hats.The colorful gals took part in the annual march through central London -- now in its 45th year -- Saturday to celebrate the LGBTQ community. They also showed off their abs ... as a bonus.London's mayor said the event was their biggest ever and is the "best antidote" to recent tragedies and terrorist attacks in England.
Penthouse's notorious film, "Caligula," got into the wrong hands and is now being illegally hawked online ... according to a new suit.Penthouse claims a New Jersey man, Jeremy Frommer﻿, bought the contents of a storage locker at auction back in 2012 that contained the works of magazine founder Bob Guccione ... including items "Caligula" related.According to docs ... Frommer formed a company called Guccione Collection with the intent of selling Bob's stuff -- including digital copies of the flick.Problem is ... Penthouse claims it acquired all rights to the film in 2016, yet Frommer was hawking it on Vimeo as recently as May.Penthouse wants Frommer to stop selling anything associated with "Caligula"  ... and it wants any profits he made.
Rob Kardashian's brutal rants against Blac Chyna showed her side piece the light -- and now Ferrari is kicking her to the curb too, and saving himself more than 100 grand in the process.Sources connected to the rapper, tell us Ferrari was hooked on Chyna ... so much so he dropped $135,648 on three pieces of jewelry for her:- $34,850 for a Rolex - $56,500 for a gold necklace- $32,250 for diamond earringsFerrari scooped up the booty back in June when he thought he and Chyna were the real deal -- she's even listed as "spouse" on the receipt. We're told they'd talked for a while about getting his and hers Rollies -- but after Rob accused BC of banging several dudes, Ferrari was done.We're told his manager, Keely the Boss, planned to deliver the gifts on July 5, but that's the day Rob unleashed his allegations. Ferrari immediately called off the delivery and returned everything on Friday.
21 Savage scoffed at the notion things are moving too fast between him and Amber Rose, because he says they didn't just hook up yesterday.We got the couple leaving 21 Savage's album release Friday for Issa Album in Playa Vista, CA. He's clearly happy he met Amber's family and she met his ... and threatened anyone with physical violence if they disrespect her.
Blac Chyna was out and about Friday after her lawyer Lisa Bloom informed Rob Kardashian they were court-bound Monday to get a domestic violence restraining order against him.Chyna was leaving a nail salon with daughter Dream ... significant because last we knew Rob had the kid.Rob's baby mama wants a judge to order him to stop slut-shaming her by posting pics of her genitals. She also claims he's gotten violent with her.The hearing is set for Monday morning ... we'll be there.
Jaden and Willow Smith performed in front of a packed house while their parents looked on and swayed to the music.The fam was at Sagebrush Cantina Friday night in Calabasas. It looks like people were hanging from the rafters as the parents looked on and half-danced.Willow followed, singing and strumming an acoustic guitar.The family lives in the area, and you see some of the fans/neighbors come up to Will for a handshake and a quick chat.
Robert Pattinson probably had good reason to keep his earbuds close at LAX ... he was on the same flight as his ex.Robert arrived Friday after flying with Kristen Stewart and her girlfriend Stella Maxwell from France to the City of Angels. You may recall, Robert's relationship with Kristen was rocky ... especially after she allegedly cheated on him with director Rupert Sanders.Time heals all, or so they say. Nevertheless, Robert left LAX without Kristen being anywhere in sight.

Romelu Lukaku -- one of the best soccer players in the world -- was arrested in Beverly Hills after cops came to his mansion 6 TIMES for an out of control rager, TMZ Sports has learned.It's unclear why the Everton star was in L.A., but law enforcement sources tell us he was renting a home in Beverly Hills while a bidding war is reportedly raging over him in Europe between 2 of the most famous soccer clubs on Earth.FYI, Manchester United and Chelsea have both reportedly offered $100 MILLION to transfer the 24-year-old away from Everton ... but so far, the deal has yet to close.In the meantime, we're told Lukaku threw a massive day party at his BH crib on July 2 that REALLY pissed off his neighbors ... triggering multiple complaints to the Bev Hills PD.We're told cops went to the home at least 6 times to warn Lukaku to keep down the noise -- but he didn't listen and cops eventually arrested him for misdemeanor disturbing the peace.Lukaku was not brought to the police station or formally booked -- instead, he was merely given a citation.No word on what kind of punishment he faces -- but if it's a fine, dude can definitely afford it.Fun Fact: Big Rom was the runner up for the 2017 Premier League Golden Boot trophy -- awarded to the league's top scorer.
Grab your wallets, Tupac fans ... the legendary rapper's personally-owned Duke Blue Devils basketball jersey is hitting the auction block!!!One of the most famous pics of Pac from the '90s shows him wearing the blue #5 jersey, which was worn on the court by Jeff Capel at the time. Pac apparently loved the look so much, he got one for himself.The jersey -- which has been framed and comes with a letter of authenticity from his bodyguard -- is Tupac's personalized uni that he "frequently wore during his downtime at home," according to Goldin Auctions.No word on how much the threads are expected to rake in ... but considering it's Tupac, it ain't gonna be cheap.The auction ends August 5.
DeMario Jackson doesn't care that some people think he committed sexual assault on "Bachelor in Paradise" -- despite being cleared -- and he seems to target the haters as racists from Oklahoma.DeMario was at a WeHo spa this week, when he told our photog he has no regrets over doing the show. He says he met some great people, although we're guessing one of them is not Corinne Olympios.It's unclear why he's got such a thing against Oklahoma. Hated the musical?
'Millionaire Matchmaker' Patti Stanger got the wrong kind of room service after cops say someone broke into her hotel room, ransacked the place and ran off with $300k worth of valuables.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... Patti and production employees were staying at the Luxe Sunset Boulevard Hotel in early May, filming scenes for the upcoming season. We're told someone broke the lock to the first floor patio door of her room and went to town. Patti was not in the room at the time.Law enforcement sources tell us approximately $300k in jewelry, clothing and purses were stolen. The case is under investigation but no arrests have been made. It's unclear if there's surveillance video.
Put your detective skills to the test as you go undercover and attempt to crack the case of the sneaky differences between these two almost identical images of Zendaya.

Migos just got thrown off a Delta flight ... the question, were they thrown off because they were out of control or because they're black?The incident went down Friday on a flight scheduled from Atlanta to Des Moines. You see a Delta rep in the video explain the captain made the decision to boot Takeoff, but Quavo, Offset and their manager also got off in a show of solidarity.Their manager tells TMZ, the 3 members were in first class, exhausted, and they all fell asleep. The manager says Takeoff's book bag was on the floor and not in the overhead, as required.He didn't obey the flight attendant and put the bag away, the manager says, because he was snoozing. He says when the plane taxied to the runway and the bag was still on the floor, the pilot decided to abort takeoff and boot Takeoff.The video shows the confrontation on the jetway, and there were lots of accusations and threats of lawsuit. The manager says in the video there was no issue at all on the flight ... and tells us he thinks this is a clear case of racial profiling.A Delta spokesman tells us ... the flight returned to the gate because Migos repeatedly refused to follow crew member instructions to buckle seatbelts and stow carry-on in overhead bins. Delta says it rebooked Migos on an alternate flight, which is in the air, and scheduled to land shortly after 9 PM Central time.
Lena Dunham made a difficult and painful, but ultimately correct choice to relocate the terrier mix she'd rescued ... at least according to the people who tried to treat the dog's aggressive behavior.Lena's been catching heat from BARC, the Brooklyn animal shelter where she adopted Lamby. BARC was pissed to find out she no longer has the pooch ... which she says she had to give away due to behavioral issues. The shelter denies he was aggressive, calling him as "mild-mannered and very well behaved."To be clear ... Lena didn't abandon Lamby altogether. Instead, she sent him to THE ZEN DOG in L.A., which specializes in working with dogs with behavior issues. The facility's owner, Matt Beisner, says Lamby would get scared and then aggressive every time someone tried touching his neck or head. He says they treated him for more than year, and during that time he bit 3 staff members ... drawing blood each time.Beisner says he doesn't think BARC saw Lamby's true colors. He says it's common for dogs to act differently inside shelters, and stands by Lena's decision. He adds ... one of his former staffers ended up adopting Lamby, and the dog is doing much better now.It's clear, Lena was very torn about relocating her dog. She set the record straight after BARC and animal rights groups lashed out and accused her of animal cruelty.It's come to my attention that the staff at the shelter where I adopted Lamby have a very different account of his early life and behavioral issues than I do. While I'm sorry to have disappointed them, I can't apologize. Lamby was and is one of the great loves of my life. When I met him I knew we'd have an amazing journey. But his aggression - which was unpredictable- and his particular issues, which remain myriad, weren't manageable, at least not by me. I did what I thought the best mother would do, which was to give him a life that provided for his specific needs. He'd been with me for nearly four years and I was his mom- I was in the best position to discern what those needs were. After countless hours of training, endless financial support and a lot of tears he was given access to a better life. I still support him financially and I'll always be there for him in every way but he's notably happier in his new surroundings. Why should this story be subject to scrutiny and anger? It is willfully misunderstanding the truth. I hope those judging can imagine the incredible pain of letting go of your favorite creature on EARTH because you know you can't help them be healthy and happy. I would never say an unkind word about the staff of BARC, what they do is amazing and life saving for these animals- but we have different accounts of Lamby's behavior and they were not present in my home nor did they live with him for an extended period. They did not witness the consistent and responsible care I provided. I have weathered a lot of micro-scandals but this one hurts MOST, because of the vulnerability of letting people know Lamby and my story, and because I miss him so damn much. This is the painting that greets me every day when I walk into my home. This is the animal who taught me about loving and letting go. I know I'm a lot of fun to place your issues on, but I won't let anyone hang their hat on this peg. Not this time.
Toby Keith's daughter says she and her family barely survived a horrific car crash with a drunk driver.Krystal says it went down on the Fourth of July when she was driving with her husband, Andrew, and daughter, Hensley, to watch fireworks. A photo shows just how mangled her Mercedes SUV was left after what looks like a head-on collision. You can see the vehicle's airbags deployed.As she put it ... "A drunk driver almost took the lives of my entire family. We all survived the wreck but it's gonna take some time to heal."Krystal added, "Keep us in your prayers. Hug your babies and spouses tight. DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE."
Family representative Todd Wilson tells TMZ the lawsuit is absurd as the sisters had nothing to do with the creation of the shirts. Kendall and Kylie gave their approval for the design but rely on their brand to handle the rest. Essentially, Wilson tells us, "it's like suing an actor for being in a movie." Kylie and Kendall Jenner ﻿have been slapped with a lawsuit for straight-up jacking Tupac Shakur pics and trying to profit off the work ... so claims the famed photographer in a new suit.Renowned photographer Michael Miller -- whose portfolio includes Eazy-E, Angelina Jolie and Jack Nicholson -- says he never gave the sisters permission to use his pics, much less to sell them on their website. The shirts have since been taken down, but that's clearly not good enough for him.In docs, obtained by TMZ, Michael says he never wanted to work with the Jenners, especially Kendall following her PR disasters (We're guessing he's talkin' Pepsi).As we reported ... the Notorious B.I.G. estate threatened to sue the sisters if they didn't take down the shirts. The sisters did and apologized, but Michael's not budging. He's suing for any profits they made off the shirts.We've reached out to Kylie and Kendall, so far no word back.
2:40 PM PT -- The Barson's attorney tells us, “The video released by the Palm Beach Gardens Police Department continues to support the fact that Ms. Williams remained in the intersection at a red light, violating the Barson’s right of way. There is nothing that disputes Ms. Williams' was in the intersection on a red light, and the witnesses clearly confirm the Barsons' had a green light and lawfully entered the intersection.”Venus Williams lawfully entered the intersection where her SUV was T-boned by a Hyundai in which the passenger was killed ... this according to just-released surveillance video and new police information.The video shows Venus' black SUV entering the intersection but slows down for a car that turned in front of her. Once the coast is clear, Venus appears to punch it to clear the intersection.It appears Venus' light had turned red while she was waiting for the car to pass. The Hyundai then had a green light and was traveling at around 25 MPH in the intersection when it slammed into the SUV.It's unclear, but it seems the driver of the Hyundai believed Venus would not attempt to cross since she appeared to be stopped, waiting for the other car to clear.As we reported, the estate of the passenger who died, Jerome Barson, has sued Venus for wrongful death, claiming she was speeding and negligent.Attorneys for Venus and the Barsons were in court Friday and agreed to share downloaded crash data from both vehicles. We're told police will gather information from Venus' SUV within the next 10 days -- police have already downloaded the Barson vehicle's data -- and both sides will share the info within 72 hours.Both vehicles will remain in police custody until the process is complete.
1:25 PM PT -- According to the police report ... the female in the incident was Playboi's girlfriend of 3 years from Atlanta. She told cops their argument started because he wanted her to call her mother to check in, but she didn't want to.Carti told cops he snatched his girlfriend's phone from her hands and did grab her by her backpack to pull her out of the terminal. He says she hit him, but he was not injured. Another witness says she slapped him in the face.The witness who called the cops said she saw a red mark on the gf's chest from Carti pulling her by the backpack straps ... but cops didn't see any physical injuries on either of them.Playboi Carti allegedly got into it with a woman as they were leaving the airport ... and then got hauled away by cops.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ witnesses told them the rapper -- known for his hit track "Magnolia" -- began arguing with a woman as they were exiting the terminal late Thursday night. We're told they began pushing each other, then he pushed her outside, grabbed her backpack and forced her into an Uber.Carti was arrested shortly after the fracas for misdemeanor domestic battery. The woman was not arrested. He posted bail of $20k and was released early Friday morning.Playboi was recently named as one of the 10 of XXL's "2017 Freshman Class."
Blac Chyna says Rob Kardashian not only cyberbullied her ... he brutalized her ... this according to legal docs obtained by TMZ.As we reported, women's rights lawyer Lisa Bloom will appear in court Monday for a restraining order against Rob, claiming he crossed the line by posting nude pics of her, medical information and other personal information.Chyna says in her declaration, this past April Rob was mad at her and began speaking poorly of her in front of her son, King. When she asked him to stop she says Rob screamed, "I can say whatever the f*** I want!" and then grabbed her phone, pushed her to the ground, "aggressively shoving me by the side of my arm and hitting me on the thigh."She says she fell to the ground and when she got up she was bruised and could barely walk.Chyna also says she has been fully broken up with Rob since last December, adding, "Rob has been violent with me in the past and I am afraid to be around him."She says posting personal information to Rob's 9 million followers is textbook cyberbullying, and wants a judge to stop him immediately. Chyna calls it slut shaming.
You thought the Big Baller was gonna stay quiet?!? Hell no.LaVar Ball is coming back hard at Joel Embiid -- after the NBA star fired an f-bomb at Lonzo's dad on social media this week."The reason he said that ... his vocabulary is limited," LaVar told TMZ Sports."You gotta use cuss words when you don't have no intellect."And it didn't stop there ..."He's not intelligent at all. He's worried about me? He should be worrying about playing," LaVar said ... adding that Embiid has spent more time on the injury list than on the court.Ball then dropped this gem:"I got 3 words for him: Can't. Play. At. All. Oh shoot, that's 4."
Blac Chyna's lawyer, Lisa Bloom, says the restraining order Chyna wants against Rob Kardashian is bigger than the 2 of them ... it's a women's rights issue.Bloom tells TMZ, Chyna and Rob have been broken up for months, and he's doing what many guys have done to their exes after they break up ... humiliate them online, and slut shame them.As we reported, Bloom will be in court Monday to get a domestic violence restraining order against Rob.Bloom says Rob is a cyberbully who has posted intimate pics of Chyna, sensitive medical information and viciously attacked her online.Bloom says she took the case not only to help Chyna but to send a message to as many people as possible ... the most common form of harassment and bullying against women these days happens online, and it has to be stopped.She says, short and sweet, "Rob needs to back off."
Blac Chyna's lawyer is headed to court to muzzle Rob Kardashian and keep him clear of her.Chyna's hired Lisa Bloom -- who recently took the mic with Kathy Griffin over the Trump head thing -- who tweeted she's put Rob on notice she will be in court Monday for a restraining order ... presumably to keep him at least 100 yards clear of her and, more importantly, to stop posting pics of Chyna's vagina.As you know, Rob has been on a rampage, posting intimate pics of Chyna.These restraining orders typically prohibit the wrongdoer from harassing or annoying the victim. The penalty for violating such an order is contempt of court and, possibly, jail.Stay tuned.
Who wears short shorts?? NBA superstars wear short shorts!! ... 'cause LeBron James is joining Dwyane Wade's summertime fashion campaign and puttin' his legs on display!!The King showed off his beach bod while vacationing in Mexico ... and while LBJ has been enjoying some off-season R&R, he's staying competitive by showin' off a similar version of Wade's model-esque post from his time in Italy.These guys are best friends and have vacationed together in the past (banana boat, anyone??) ... but now that they're havin' their own fun in the sun, we gotta ask ...
Kim Kardashian's sports bra was hanging on for dear life as she trudged up an L.A. canyon.Kim and the girls went for a walk Thursday in Fryman Canyon near her Bel Air home. Her pal, Carla DiBello, and her personal trainer, Don-A-Matrix, were by her side, and their focus was broken just once ... to greet some adorable pooches.As we reported, Kim and Kanye have made a deal with a surrogate for baby #3.
Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel had a close encounter at the G20 summit -- and their hands said a lot ... possibly about North Korea's latest missile launch.The Chancellor and the President came face-to-face during a G20 event ... and Merkel made a motion with her hands that looks a lot like she was describing the trajectory of an ICBM.We're guessing it's no coincidence Kim Jong-un test launched one 3 days ago ... reportedly capable of reaching Alaska. But watch Putin's reaction -- he clearly disagreed with Merkel, and she clearly felt that deserved the eye roll.
Milo Yiannopoulos is demanding 8-figures from publishing giant Simon & Schuster ... claiming it bowed to pressure from celebs like Sarah Silverman and Leslie Jones, and pulled the plug on his memoir.Milo filed his lawsuit against Simon & Schuster Friday, saying he inked a lucrative deal with the company in December 2016 to publish, "Dangerous." It was a pretty sweet deal ... Milo says he scored a $255,000 advance, and Simon & Schuster embraced his public image as an "outspoken and controversial Breitbart columnist and blogger."However, in the suit, Milo says the publisher got extremely cold feet immediately after allegations came out he condoned pedophilia. Milo resigned from Breitbart and two days later, he says Simon & Schuster told him his book was "unacceptable for publication." According to docs, obtained by TMZ, Milo's deal was terminated, but he was allowed to keep the $80k advance he'd already received.Milo thinks the cash was an attempt to appease him and avoid a lawsuit.The right-wing firebrand says he repeatedly denied the pedophilia allegation, but Simon & Schuster still caved when the public outcry began. Milo says 'SNL' star Leslie Jones accused the publisher of helping him spread hate speech. Sarah Silverman tweeted, "YUCK AND BOO AND GROSS" -- and Judd Apatow shamed the publisher for letting a "hatemonger" get rich off cruelty.Milo told us Thursday night he would be gunning for his former publisher, and now he's delivered. He says it breached its contract by bowing to public pressure, and pulling "Dangerous." He self-published it this week, but says Simon & Schuster severely damaged him to the tune of $10 million.
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin both knew their first handshake would be broken down frame by frame to see who's in control ... so here goes.The two Presidents came face-to-face Friday for the first time at the G20 summit in Hamburg, and shook before sitting down for a chit chat.WATCH: Pres. Trump and Russian Pres. Putin shake hands at beginning of their meeting at the G20 Summit in Germany https://t.co/T5uqoA85rO pic.twitter.com/HHuWqqOLspCheck out Trump's play ... as they shake, he taps Putin's forearm 3 times, in rapid succession, which seems like a dominant move. Putin plays it by the book during the shake, but then points at Trump as if it's a sign of affirmation ... again, a dominant move.It does sound stupid, but handshakes are important.
Justin Bieber is a believer, hypeman and dance instructor all rolled into one for a group of worshipers in Sydney.The Biebs is Down Under and got the huge crowd dabbing Friday to some Bruno Mars at the 4 day long Hillsong Conference. Justin's got strong ties to the church -- he does a lot of work with one of its pastors, Carl Lentz.JB posted video from the event with the caption "SO LIT."No question here ... the spirit is moving Justin.
Blac Chyna doesn't want money from Rob Kardashian ... she wants distance.Sources close to the warring couple tell us Rob is cutting Chyna off financially. He'll no longer make payments on her Tarzana rental. He also has the 2 cars he gave her and jewelry as well.We're told Chyna actually returned the cars and jewelry to Rob. She's fine paying the rent herself -- she's squirreled away money from various appearances as well as their reality show. She's also confident she has earning power post-Rob.The big ticket item -- supporting Dream. Our sources say Chyna has no intention of going to court for child support, at least for now. We know Rob wants to raise the baby himself, and it doesn't seem Chyna is putting up much of a fight on that front. Fact is ... her other kid, King Cairo, is being raised primarily by Tyga.It's unlikely in the foreseeable future either one of them will go to court for money or custody. They both have significant issues, and we're told they don't want to risk an adverse ruling by a judge.
Blue Ivy Carter ... the new princess of rap?!?Le freestyle de Blue Ivy sur 4:44 💙💙😍 pic.twitter.com/UvdQnd2SvBJay Z and Beyonce's 5-year-old daughter spit rhymes in one of Jay's bonus tracks following the release of his "4:44" album on iTunes.Blue Ivy makes her captivating debut in "Blue's Freestyle/We Family." We'll keep it real -- it's hard to tell what she's saying but it's still pretty freaking awesome how she keeps that beat on point. You can clearly hear her rap, "boom shakalaka" and "Never seen a ceiling in my whole life."Winning life at kindergarten ... damn.
Milo Yiannopoulos says he's just like John Oliver ... except way on the other end of the spectrum.The extreme right-wing conservative made the comparison Thursday night as he was leaving The DL in NYC where he went off on famed publisher Simon & Schuster for cancelling his book deal.You'll recall, Milo took a bunch of L's back in February -- UC Berkeley cancelled his speech after violent protests erupted on campus. He then was forced to resign as senior editor at Breitbart after defending pedophilia in a year-old interview that resurfaced. The mounting pressure prompted Simon & Schuster to act.
Ivanka Trump got a visitor at Trump Tower who showed up armed with throwing knives and a bulletproof vest under his suit ... according to the Secret Service.Law enforcement sources tell us agents busted Sixto Benitez Thursday at Trump Tower when his knives and vest set off a metal detector. Agents patted him down and removed the weapons. When he was taken into custody, we're told he claimed to own Trump Tower and that he was a U.S. Senator there to see Ivanka.Ivanka was not at Trump Tower at the time.
Iggy Azalea's ass is bursting at the seams ... literally.The rapper turned heads -- and might've broken some necks, too -- wearing these pretty damn revealing red latex pants Thursday at Univision's Premios Juventud (think Teen Choice Awards).She performed her new song, "Switch" ... and while everyone no doubt enjoyed the performance, it's pretty clear her outfit -- OK, more like THAT ASS!!! -- stole the spotlight.We here at TMZ salute 1) the designer of that outfit and 2) whoever suggested Iggy wear the outfit.
Well this just got very interesting ...Floyd Mayweather has officially tapped boxing superstar Gervonta Davis to fight in the "co-main event" at the Mayweather vs. McGregor fight, TMZ Sports has learned.Davis is a killer -- he's 18-0 with 17 knockouts including a ridiculously violent victory over Liam Walsh back in May.We spoke with "Tank" -- who tells us he's fired up about fighting on August 26 ... even though promoters haven't nailed down his opponent yet.The Under Armour sponsored superstar says it's down to two fighters -- but promises he'll put either one of his potential opponents to sleep.Gervonta says he's been training his ass off with Floyd -- and says he's confident he can knock out McGregor, too!BTW, if you have spare time ... watch Tank's highlights. Dude's no joke.
Blac Chyna's side piece -- the guy posting pics of them naked together in bed to get back at Rob -- has a surprising response to all the drama ... a compliment.Ferrari, a rapper, was outside Capitol Records in Hollywood Thursday ... and seemed unfazed by being square in the middle of the feud. Rob's called him out for banging Chyna, but Ferrari surprised us -- by NOT firing heat back at Rob.Ferrari told us how he feels about Rob, but we're still not sure we're buying it.For everything else -- including sex tape rumors -- he's deferring to Chyna. There's one thing we know for sure, though ... his chain looks familiar.
Tupac Shakur's final resting place -- the place he lived until his death -- is on the market, with a slab of hip-hop history ... the rapper's "Made N****z" lyrics are etched in stone.The San Fernando Valley home is listed for $2.65 million. It's the place Tupac rented after being released from prison in 1995. He was in escrow to buy it outright when he was gunned down the following year in Vegas.The 6,000 square foot, 6 bedroom home has been updated by the current owner, at a cost of around $1 million.The owner wisely kept the the opening lyric in stone ... "Outlawz, Let no man separate what we create."BTW ... the house is steeped in music history. Limp Bizkit's DJ Lethal also called it home.
If you thought Steve-O was wild in "Jackass﻿," then strap in for his new project that supposedly puts Johnny Knoxville's stunts to shame ... with things like human snow angels doused in burning rocket engine fuel.Steve-O posted a video Thursday in which he's covered in boils from what look like 1st or maybe even 2nd degree burns ... from the "fire angels" stunt. He won't show us the stunt ... just the aftermath. It's part of a new comedy special Steve O's doing with "Jackass" director Jeff Tremaine.No word on a release date yet -- but this sounds epic ...  and painful.
Tay Zonday was only 25 years old when he gained fame after his bizarre song 'Chocolate Rain' went viral way back in 2007. Guess what he looks like now at 35!

Tyga's not worried about Rob Kardashian dragging his name into the all out war with Blac Chyna because he's focused on being Super Dad ... for real.Chyna, and Kylie Jenner's ex, has been on the sidelines while Rob and BC aired their dirty laundry over social media, but Thursday at LAX he opened up ... although reluctantly. His face said a lot!Tyga has custody of King -- his son with Chyna -- at least 50 percent of the time, which explains his perspective on the Rob feud.As for his baby mama -- Tyga could've easily taken a cheap shot, but took the high road. For real.
T.I. and Tiny guaranteed their "safe travels" over the holiday by rolling into a Detroit club with security guards packing heavy artillery.The rapper and his wife -- yup, they're back on again -- along with other Xscape members traveled to Touch Lounge for a 4th of July appearance, and their bodyguards were armed with assault rifles and sported bulletproof vests.We're told the security team was provided as part of their appearance deal. If you're wondering ... Michigan's an open-carry state, and this isn't the first time we've seen the big guns out in clubs there.
Joan Lee, the wife of Marvel Comics icon Stan Lee has died, according to a spokesperson for the Lee family.The rep said Joan died Thursday morning surrounded by family. Joan reportedly suffered a stroke earlier this week and was hospitalized before passing away.Stan and Joan got hitched back in 1947, and have been together ever since. They had 2 children together -- one of whom passed away shortly after birth.Joan was a British hat model in her younger years, and met Stan when he went to her store to ask someone else out on a date. Joan, who was married, moved to Nevada with Stan to get a quickie divorce from her then-husband.The couple would have celebrated their 70th anniversary in December. Joan was 93.
Faizon Love is getting off easy for his brutal beatdown of an airport valet ... as long as he's on his best behavior for a while.The comedian and actor pled no contest to misdemeanor assault, and got a suspended sentence of 180 days in the county jail -- meaning that WILL be his punishment if he gets in trouble again over the next 2 years. He was also fined $500.TMZ broke the story ... the "Couples Retreat" and "Elf" star absolutely manhandled the valet at Columbus International airport back in March.Faizon claimed the guy spit on him ... though that's not clear in the video.
Brandi Glanville had carte blanche to criticize or poke fun at Joanna Krupa's genitals ... at least that's what Brandi claimed under oath.Brandi was deposed in the infamous smelly vagina lawsuit filed by Joanna -- and told Joanna's lawyer ... she "didn't say anything that I knew to be false." You'll recall ... Brandi made the vajayjay claim during a 2015 'Watch What Happens Live' appearance.According to the depo transcript, obtained by TMZ, Brandi also said you get what you sign up for when you're on a reality show. Joanna's lawyer asked, "Do you think that means you can say things like her pu**y smells?" Glanville replied, "Well, yeah."Brandi also reiterated her claim the 'Housewives' contract bars cast members from suing each other. She insists being on the show means dealing with "the good, the bad and the ugly that comes along with it."
Tyga is fully out of the Kardashian spotlight ... but he's still treating himself to a life of luxury.The rapper just picked up a baller Goyard pendant and 14 karat white gold chain with 60 carats worth of diamonds ... all for $188,000. The necklace also has a custom clasp with the name of his label ... Last Kings Records.The ice, courtesy of If & Co. Jewelers, was delivered to Tyga earlier this week.We're told his bling is already paid in full too ... so he doesn't have to worry about another bill in the mail.
Rick Ross was a no-show for a concert, but still made off with a ton of cash ... so claims the company suing him to get back that dough.Washington County Family Entertainment says it hired Rick for an outdoor concert at Wild Things Park in Washington, PA -- but the Boss bailed just 2 days before the show. According to the suit, obtained by TMZ, Rick's contract explicitly said he "cannot cancel once the contract is executed and tickets are on sale."WCFE says Rick's camp explained it had to cancel Rick's entire weekend lineup due to family and health issues. The problem is ... Rick go$150k up front, according to docs, but he's refunded less than half that amount.WCFE is suing to get the remaining $87,500 balance plus expenses.
The Southern frat boy from MTV's "The Real World: Paris" was arrested this week for DUI.Law enforcement sources tell us Clyde Amerson -- known as Ace on the 2003 reality show -- was arrested and booked Wednesday morning for DUI in Carrollton, Georgia after allegedly rear-ending someone on the road.Cops say they responded to the accident -- in which nobody was injured -- and felt Ace was under the influence since he appeared drowsy, slurred his speech and had trouble with his balance. Our law enforcement sources say he admitted taking Benadryl and Rx pills.We're told police drew blood, and toxicology tests are pending.Ace was taken into custody and charged with 2 misdemeanors -- 1 count of DUI and 1 count of following too closely.
Blac Chyna's side piece, Ferrari, is fighting fire with fire by posting more semi-naked photos of him in bed with Rob's baby mama.In both pics, Ferrari and Chyna both appear to be naked under the covers in the bed where Rob insists he and Chyna conceived Dream. We're told the pics are supposed to send a message to Rob -- Ferrari ain't broke and banging Blac Chyna ... he's just banging her.Sources close to Ferrari tell us the photos were actually taken a month ago when Rob had no idea Chyna was hooking up with Ferrari. They are extra insulting since Chyna is wearing both Ferrari's $250k chain and the jewelry that Rob bought her.We're told Ferrari is retaliating because Rob called him broke on social media ... and Ferrari insists that's just not the case.
The Venus Williams fatal car crash has gotten weird ... cops are refusing to give the widow of the man who was killed the surveillance video that captured the entire crash ... so claims the woman's legal team.The video was shot from a security camera at a nearby gated community ... the same place Venus and her sister, Serena, live.The footage is crucial because of the conflicting stories ... Venus says she had a green light and was traveling at only 5 MPH when she was blocked by traffic in the intersection. Linda Barson, the driver of the other car, claims Venus blew a red light and was speeding.Barson's lawyers say they have repeatedly asked cops for a copy of the video or even just to view it. They've also filed a subpoena for the video, but they have been shut down -- although they say cops told them today, "Maybe next week."The lawyers also asked the board at the gated community for a copy of the video but were told no. Lawyers are now in the process of attempting to subpoena the footage.We're also told cops downloaded information from the black box in Barson's Hyundai, but did not do the same with Venus' SUV. In fact, Barson's lawyers say cops told them they tried to download the SUV's black box but were unable to and they told the tow yard they could release the vehicle to Venus ... as opposed to keeping it as evidence until they could figure out how to download the info.
Suge Knight talked up a storm in court Thursday, begging a judge to let him talk to ALL his lawyers but the judge made it clear -- his hands are tied.The former rap mogul went on a diatribe, the likes of which we haven't seen since he was arrested on murder charges in January 2015.Suge was complaining he was not given access to his full team of lawyers and therefore couldn't adequately prepare for trial. We won't bore you with the legal mumbo jumbo, but this judge said he didn't have the power to unleash Suge's full legal team ... another judge has to do that.It's interesting to hear Suge ... he's super engaged in the legal process.
President Trump enjoyed a great Polish dish ... sorry, make that a diss ... courtesy of the country's first lady.Melania and POTUS arrived in Poland Thursday and after a ceremony, stood onstage with President Andrzej Duda and his wife, Agata Kornhauser-Duda. Trump's handshake with Prez Duda went off without a hitch -- but when he extended a hand to First Lady Agata ... things got chilly.Agata passed up Trump's hand -- you can almost hear her say, "Psych!" -- and instead greeted Melania.Total humiliation.
Drake, Kanye West, Migos and Tyler Perry got put through the ringer before being allowed to perform at Philips Arena in ATL ... while Amy Schumer and Bon Jovi got the VIP treatment.And why?? Blackness ... allegedly.A former Atlanta Hawks security manager -- who also ran event security at Philips Arena -- is suing the team claiming he was wrongly fired after pointing out a system of discrimination against black celebs at the arena, which is operated and staffed by the Hawks.Sam Hayes says it was obvious from the start of his employment in August 2016 that his white boss was going out of his way to make black stars go through more rigorous security checks than white stars.On August 26, Drake and Future performed at Philips Arena and had asked to bypass metal detectors on their way inside but their requests were denied.One week later, AC/DC performed and made the same metal detector bypass request -- but theirs was granted.The pattern continued ...Kanye West -- DENIEDThe Comedy Get Down World Tour (Cedric the Entertainer, Eddie Griffin, D.L. Hughley) -- DENIED2 Chainz, Jeezy, The Dream -- DENIEDOld School Hip Hop Fest -- DENIEDMigos -- DENIEDTyler Perry -- DENIEDKatt Williams -- DENIED (okay, that one makes sense)Amy Schumer -- GRANTEDAdele -- GRANTEDAriana Grande -- GRANTED (Hayes says she "doesn't like people looking at her").WWE Live Tour -- GRANTEDBon Jovi -- GRANTEDRingling Brothers -- GRANTEDHayes claims things came to a head in April 2017 when a black security officer told a white member of Radiohead's crew he had to walk through a metal detector -- and the crew member responded by dropping his pants. Hayes says a white staffer intervened and allowed the crew member to bypass.Hayes says he went to management and was told, "Hip hop acts draw a different crowd and the white acts bring in more money."Hayes says he was ultimately fired for bringing the issues to light -- though he was told he was axed for reprimanding lower level staffers without first consulting Human Resources.He's demanding unspecified damages.The Hawks are adamantly denying the allegations -- with a team spokesperson telling TMZ Sports, "[Samuel Hayes] was terminated for poor performance and his claims are baseless."
Rob Kardashian has crossed the line by posting pics of Blac Chyna's vagina on social media and the public back and forth between them is causing long-term damage to Dream ... this is what the Kardashians are telling friends.We're told the Kardashians are adamant ... ANY public feuding between Rob and Chyna is unacceptable. They are ashamed the war has become a public spectacle and hurting the family name.Even worse than damaging the brand, family members worry Rob and Chyna are hurting 7-month-old Dream. In particular they cringed when Rob posted, "She had a baby out of spite" to get back at Tyga. They say this is the kind of stuff a child will see later and it can cause long-term damage.More immediately ... the Kardashians think it's damaging for Dream to live in homes where the parents are at war.The fam still maintains loyalty to Rob and want to help him, but their main concern is Dream and the impact the war is having on her well-being.
Kenya Moore's facing an impossible situation -- put her extremely reluctant husband on 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' or get fired from the show.Production sources tell us, producers have told Kenya the only way she'll survive on the show is if they can chronicle her relationship with husband Marc Daly. The problem ... former banker Marc doesn't want on the show, because he has big problems with the way 'RHOA' portrays black men.We're told Kenya has argued the show hired her, not her husband. There's no mention of him in her contract. What's more, she told producers she's waited 46 years for a loving relationship which she now has, and doesn't want to jeopardize it.Our sources say her plea has fallen on deaf ears. We're told producers have essentially given her an ultimatum -- either get Marc on the show or she'll be phased out.
"Bachelor in Paradise" star Amanda Stanton just finished shooting the show, and she says the new rules didn't really get in the way when it came to hooking up.Amanda flew into John Wayne Airport from Mexico Wednesday and told our photog she followed the new rules in the wake of the Corinne/DeMario fiasco ... namely, making it clear sex is consensual.She also adhered to the 2 drink per hour rule, although it sounds like Amanda believes 2 drinks were required!
Jeremy Renner jacked up his arm during filming for a certain movie -- and even though he won't tell us exactly how or for which flick ... we think we've got it figured out.We got Jeremy Wednesday at LAX, where his right arm was almost completely bandaged in some sort of sleeve, and a splint was on his left wrist. Of course, we asked what the hell happened?He admits the injury happened at work a couple weeks ago, and considering "Avengers: Infinity War" seems to be the only live action movie he was filming then ... we're betting Hawkeye took the spill.
Arnold Schwarzenegger ﻿was more than happy to open up about son Joseph Baena's future prospects -- the snag ... he told us in German.We got Arnold leaving Caffe Roma Monday in Bev Hills, and we wanted to know if Joseph -- who has stellar grades at Pepperdine and looks like a young Arnold -- has what it takes to become a movie star or politician.The Terminator answered in his native tongue. Translation .... "You always ask me questions that I can't answer."Verstanden.
Al Sharpton is the opposite of upset with Jay-Z dissing him on "4:44" ... he's stoked, flattered and inspired.We got Al in NYC Wednesday and talked about Hov's "Family Feud" lyric, “Y’all think small, I think Biggie/ Y’all whole pass is in danger, ten Mississippi/ Al Sharpton in the mirror takin’ selfies/ How is him or Pill Cosby s’posed to help me?”It's pretty obvious Al's already spun the album a few times during a workout or two.
No Vegas. No wineries. Ronda Rousey tells TMZ Sports her bachelorette party is gonna be way more kick-ass -- think road trip on steroids!The UFC legend is gearing up for her big wedding with UFC fighter Travis Browne -- so, we had to ask how they're planning on blowing off steam before the big day ... and it ain't nightclubs and rose'.
Rikki Rockett's divorce is officially over ... and it seems everyone is finally satisfied.The Poison drummer and his ex, Melanie, will share joint custody of their 2 kids -- 7-year-old Jude and 4-year-old Lucy. Rikki will pay $2,000 a month in child support until the kids turn 18 ... and he'll also cover their club activities -- karate, tennis, swimming, etc. Melanie gets $1,000 per month in spousal support for 3 years.Everything pretty much went according to their prenup, with one twist -- if Rikki's on a "full scale" tour with Poison ... his child and spousal support payments double in those months.


Lil Wayne's beef with Birdman and Universal Music Group just escalated tenfold -- Weezy claims they were in cahoots to screw him out of MILLIONS.Wayne's lawyer, Howard King, filed docs saying the Cash Money honcho and Universal backdated a deal to make it look like it was signed BEFORE Young Money's deal ran out.In docs obtained by TMZ, Wayne's camp says Universal knew that backdating the deals would screw Lil Wayne out of profits from Young Money and the artists signed under his label.As we reported ... Wayne sued Universal claiming UMG advanced Cash Money $100 mil and Wayne never got his cut. But we've now learned Wayne thinks Birdman and Universal were in bed together to squeeze him out.
Former "Biggest Loser" host Alison Sweeney got a restraining order from a guy she claims has been harassing her on social media for years through at least 15 different accounts.A judge has ordered Jon Christopher LuVisi to stay 1,000 ft away from Sweeney, her home, car, work and kids' school.According to legal docs, Sweeney claims LuVisi's messages got more ominous over the past 9 months... trying to extort thousands of dollars from her. He threatened he had pictures of her genitals and said he would send them to her husband unless she paid him money.LuVisi believes he's entangled in an affair with Sweeney. Whenever Sweeney attempted to block him, she says he'd just create a new account and continue his trolling.According to the docs, his messages also grew threatening, making Sweeney fear for her safety after he wrote, "Bitch you better answer me" and "You can't hide from me you sorry ass bitch."
Kelly Dodd's 4th of July got real when she got into a fight with a guy who she says tried stealing from her.The 'Real Housewives of Orange County' star tells TMZ she was partying with some girlfriends at Descanso Beach Club on Catalina Island, when a random guy tried stealing her drinks as well as her sunglasses and purse.She says she confronted him, and that's when he got physical and punched her in the stomach. She countered with a kick. You see her yelling at him and that's when security stepped in.The man was was kicked out of the party, but he wasn't deterred ... he tried coming back.
Rapper Webbie has been arrested in Baton Rouge Wednesday following an alleged domestic dispute in a hotel room with his girlfriend.Law enforcement tells us the 25-year-old woman told cops Webbie choked her, hit her and refused to let her leave the room for more than 2 hours. Police say she had visible bruising around her neck and face ... bad enough she was taken to the hospital.Webbie was arrested but complained of some medical issue, so he was taken to a nearby hospital.  He was cleared by doctors and then taken to jail.The 31-year-old rapper has been charged with second degree battery, false imprisonment, and domestic abuse by strangulation ... all felonies.
Rob Kardashian might have an ally in his attempted takedown of Blac Chyna ... Pilot Jones, one of the guys she allegedly dated after one of their many splits.Pilot's the guy Rob physically threatened over text ... after photos surfaced showing Pilot and Blac Chyna making out.Pilot's moved to Miami, documenting his life post-BC for an upcoming reality show called "A-List: Miami." It's been filming for a few months and we're told he goes into great detail about their relationship ... mostly how Chyna used him to goose her TV show with Rob.Production sources tell us Pilot has been trying to get Chyna and Rob on his show to talk about the makeout photos.
Jesse Williams﻿' hopes for an amicable divorce just went down the toilet ... he's now in a nasty custody fight with his estranged wife.The "Grey's Anatomy" star filed docs saying he went above and beyond to informally handle custody issues with Aryn Drake-Lee. Jesse filed for divorce back in April and we were told things were civil. But Jesse says it's now turned into a legal war.In docs obtained by TMZ, Jesse's asking to get more time with 3-year-old Sadie and 2-year-old Maceo, claiming Aryn only lets him see them shy of 3 hours a day and she refuses to allow sleepovers.Jesse says he rented a home less than 3 miles from Aryn's home so he could be close to the kids. To prove he's a hands-on dad, Jesse listed their nicknames and their favorite food -- mac & cheese for "Sadie Munchkin" and "anything we put in front of 'Mace.'"
Amelia Earhart indeed survived her plane crash, but an upcoming documentary claiming to have photo evidence is crazy ... so claims a man who has made the mystery his lifelong mission.Ric Gillespie, owner of TIGHAR -- an organization long involved in the search for Earhart -- tells TMZ he's known about this photo for a year and on many levels he knows Amelia's not in the pic.The new documentary claims Earhart became a captive in the South Pacific after her crash and claims her captors can be seen all around her in the photo.Gillespie says there were a lot of mercenaries in that area at the time ... so it could be any white woman in the pic -- the features aren't recognizable.Secondly ... based on where Earhart took flight in New Guinea, Ric says she would not have had enough fuel to get to the Marshall Islands, where the photo was allegedly taken. According to Ric, her last signal was picked up hundreds of miles from that location.Finally, Gillespie believes the photo simply doesn't match up with the captive theory. He points out none of the alleged captors have guns or look threatening. He thinks it's just a photo showing people hanging out on the wharf on Jaluit Atoll -- part of the Marshall Islands.Gillespie and TIGHAR still stand by their theory -- Amelia survived her plane crash and died as a castaway on the Pacific island of Nikumaroro, Kiribati.
2:18 PM PT -- It appears Twitter has now also removed the nude photos of Chyna from Rob's account.It seems Instagram has had it with Rob Kardashian's revenge porn against Blac Chyna, 'cause they just shut down his page.Rob tweeted Wednesday ... "Since Instagram shut me down everyone peep my twitter lol" ... and then proceeded to post the same nudes of his ex on Twitter.As we reported ... Rob's on a social media rampage against Chyna after he allegedly caught her cheating, posting naked pictures of her as well as text messages from her and her alleged side pieces.It's unlikely Rob will be prosecuted under California's revenge porn law, because prosecutors must show the victim suffered emotional distress ... almost impossible to do since Chyna "liked" the pics on Instagram.Probably won't be long now 'til @Jack and co. take him down on Twitter too.
Here they are ... the two people who allegedly broke into Ronda Rousey's home and stole a bunch of her stuff ... and one of them might be one of the most attractive suspected criminals we've ever seen.TMZ Sports has confirmed ... the two people arrested in connection with the April burglary are 21-year-old Zhamila Bolat and 20-year-old Alim Young.Unclear what Bolat does for a living -- but she posts a lot of selfies on social media ... and she looks pretty smokin' hot for an alleged crook.Young is an avid skateboarder ... with a record. Court records show he's spent some time behind bars after being convicted on grand theft and petty theft charges.As we previously reported, Rousey says she and her fiance, Travis Browne, were able to identify Bolat and Young from surveillance video at their house ... and then Browne found them at a nearby skate park.Both suspects were arrested for burglary -- but they have not been formally charged.
Rob Kardashian's revenge against Blac Chyna -- posting pics of her vagina and breasts -- would seem to violate the revenge porn law ... but that doesn't seem to be the case.As we reported, Rob believed Chyna was cheating on him and he went on the warpath, not only posting the pics but after they were removed ... he reposted them.In California there's a 2013 law which states ... "A person who intentionally distributes the image of the intimate body part of another ... knowing they'll cause emotional distress" is guilty of a misdemeanor punishable by up to 6 months in jail.You would think it's a textbook case of revenge porn, but there's a rub. Chyna "liked" the pics on Instagram, so it's hard to argue she suffered emotional distress.What's more ... the law says in order to be convicted there must have been an understanding the images would remain private. "Liking" the pics does not seem consistent with keeping the pics private.And one more thing ... we're told the would-be victim -- Blac Chyna -- would never go to the cops and file a police report.
Charlie Hunnam assumed the role of Don Vito Corleone for his best friend's son.The "Sons of Anarchy" star got suited up Monday for a visit to St. Francis de Sales Catholic Church in Sherman Oaks ... for the baptism of the son of Ryan and Jennifer Betts Conroy.Charlie's now Jack's godfather, and it's not the first time he's played a pivotal role in the couple's life.Charlie first introduced the couple and even played best man at their wedding back in 2013. Based on the pic ... it looks like he's already got the new role down.
Rob Kardashian got tipped off that Blac Chyna was allegedly cheating on him by the baby mama of "the other guy."Sources connected with Rob and Chyna tell TMZ ... Rob got a DM 2 weeks ago from the woman who had a baby with rapper Ferrari. She claimed Ferrari and Chyna had been intimate for 2 months.Ferrari's baby mama blew the whistle just after Rob reconciled with Chyna. He wasn't sure if the woman was telling the truth, so he began confronting people, starting with Ferrari.We're told Ferrari denied he was hooking up with Chyna, but Rob persisted and then confronted her. We're told Chyna also denied it.Fast-forward to the weekend, when Ferrari posted a pic of himself in Chyna's bed ... especially galling because Rob says he paid for the bed. Ferrari was wearing Rob's Versace robe ... which enraged him.
When your father's a mega-rich tequila baron, you fly to Italy on a private jet ... even when you're just 1 month old!!!That's how George and Amal Clooney rolled this week ... touching down at an airport Monday in Milan on a sick PJ, with babies Elle and Alexander getting the total VIP treatment.The kiddos -- born on June 6 in London -- each got their very own bassinet. George carried one, Amal got help carrying the other.It's been a pretty good year for the Clooneys -- besides the twins, George's Casamigos tequila company sold for $1 BILLION back in June.Welcome to the good life, kids.
To the victor go the soils ...Joey Chestnut -- the man who gobbled 72 wieners and buns on July 4th -- says he still feels like crap ... even after taking one.Chestnut and Miki Sudo -- who won the women’s title in Nathan’s Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest -- were out in NYC Wednesday morning ... still paying a painful price for their gastronomical feats.Joey says he gained roughly 23 pounds during the competition (15 pounds of hot dog, 8 pounds of water) ... and informed us the evacuation process had begun.He doesn't expect to return to normal weight for at least a couple more days.But get this, Chestnut tells TMZ Sports he's not 100% sure he'll return to competition next year after winning his 10th mustard yellow belt."If I come back, I'm gonna come back healthier," Chestnut says.
9:18 AM PT -- Rob's photos of a naked Blac Chyna have been taken down for the 2nd time today. He originally posted 3 pics of Chyna naked (2 of 'em allegedly post-op), which were taken down by IG. But he put them up again soon after ... and had them taken down once more.Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna are at war ... she's claimed he beat her, he's claiming she's hooking up with a bunch of guys to torture him.Chyna claims Rob beat her up and then tried intimidating her to stay quiet or else she'd incur the wrath of the Kardashian family.Just 2 weeks ago it looked like they got back together, but now it's off the hinges. Rob claims his baby mama sent him a pic of her vagina Tuesday -- as if to entice him -- and then hooked up with a rapper named Ferrari.Our Ferrari sources say he's been open about his fling with Chyna, so it sounds like Rob isn't dreaming this up. What's more ... Ferrari says he's been hooking up with Chyna for several months, which overlaps with the time she reconciled with Rob.We're told the trigger for the war is all over Chyna and Ferrari.Rob is now going wild, threatening Chyna that he'll block her from even seeing their child.
The real-life Wolf of Wall Street Jordan Belfort predicts North Korea's dictator could be killed in a matter of months ... by his own people, with a little prodding.Jordan -- who spent 22 months in prison for fraud and money laundering -- was in Hermosa Beach Tuesday celebrating Independence Day when he went off on the leader of North Korea, Kim Jong-un ... calling the guy "out of his f****** mind."
Big Mike -- the founder of Advanced Nutrients who also throws epic Malibu parties -- had his celebrity Fourth of July bash interrupted when the house next door went up in flames ... presumably from fireworks.Lots of celebs watched -- Tara Reid, Frank Miller, Stephen Belafonte -- during the BBQ when some people walked by Mike's home on the beach and started shooting off fireworks. Security chased them away, but the next thing everyone knew ... the house next door went up in flames.
Amelia Earhart survived what everyone thought was a fatal flight and ended up a prisoner of war ... this according to a new documentary.As everyone knows, almost 80 years ago to the day, Earhart took off in her Lockheed Electra from New Guinea and vanished. Neither her plane nor her body were ever found. She was presumed dead.But a new documentary -- "Amelia Earhart: The Lost Evidence" -- shows a photo taken on a South Pacific island days after she disappeared. The doc claims Amelia is in the photo, sitting on a dock, surrounded by people who might be her captors.
Ronda Rousey says some "little punks" with a death wish broke into her home a few months ago and jacked everything from guns to Olympic rings and jewelry ... but her fiance tracked down the perps.The UFC legend appeared on "Live with Kelly & Ryan" on Wednesday and said she and fiance Travis Browne were getting ready to leave for New Zealand earlier this year when they stopped by their house and realized it had been ransacked."[The crooks] stole my Olympic rings, stole my guns, stole all my precious jewelry, every headphone in the house, credit cards."The good news for Rousey ... she's got security cameras at her home and they were quickly able to identify the thieves."We saw that they were a bunch of kids with skateboards," Ronda said ... "And there’s a famous skate park right across the street cause we’re in Venice.""So my man’s 6’7” like 260. He like beelines it straight to the skateboard park, finds the guys right away."Ronda says Browne didn't attack the kids -- "He’s smart enough not to [hit them]. We’ll get sued pretty hard, but he found the police right then and they caught them.”
Aaron Rajman, a teammate of several UFC superstars at the American Top Team (ATT) gym, was murdered during a home invasion in Boca Raton, Florida ... local authorities announced on Tuesday.The Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office say several men got into an argument with Rajman after entering the fighter's house late Monday night ... firing at least one shot before fleeing the scene. Rajman, who just turned 25, passed away the next day.Detectives told the Sun Sentinel they're treating this as a homicide. There are currently no motives or suspects in the case.Rajman was famous for being one of the few orthodox Jews in MMA. He often talked about his religion publicly -- though it's unclear if he was targeted for that reason.A local fight promoter says Rajman's teammates at ATT are in shock.UFC champions Amanda Nunes and Joanna Jedrzejczyk, as well as former heavyweight champ Junior dos Santos, are some of the gym's higher-profile members.
Ben Affleck did his best to blend in with the crowd during a 4th of July parade, but it didn't work ... at all.Ben walked with his two of his kids, Sam and Seraphina, in the Pacific Palisades parade ... looks like he didn't get the blue shirt memo.Ben's ex, Jennifer Garner, was there watching from the sideline with daughter Violet. The parade has been a family tradition for years and looks like it's gonna stay that way.It's been 2 years since the two split but they've been doing the co-parenting thing, recently taking a family trip to the Bahamas.
Tupac broke off his sexual relationship with Madonna because she was white.The rapper poured out his heart to the singer in an extremely revealing letter he wrote in jail.Tupac writes, "For you to be seen with a black man wouldn't in any way jeopardize your career, if anything it would make you seem that much more open and exciting."The legend then confesses, "But for me at least in my previous perception I felt due to my 'image' I would be letting down half of the people who made me what I thought I was."It's an amazing letter. Tupac clearly knows he devastated Madonna by the rejection, saying, "I never meant to hurt you."
Janet Jackson's estranged husband looks like he has a go-to spot to hang with their baby boy, and he knows just where to park it.Wissam Al Mana was holding baby Eissa Monday in London on a park bench -- one he appears to frequent with his kid.As we reported ... Janet and Wissam split back in April and are in the throes of a divorce. Their son was born just a few months before the separation.
Emma Watson got the adrenaline juices flowing hard over the weekend with a little skydiving.The "Beauty and the Beast" star hit up Skydive San Diego Saturday and strapped on for a jump from 13,000 feet. It was a tandem jump ... so no need for Emma to get certified or anything, but she looked like a total pro judging from how she stuck the landing.We're told after hitting the ground, Emma hugged a mystery man but there wasn't much affection beyond that. Also ... witnesses tell us a few fans recognized Emma and asked to take pics, but she politely declined.
Paris Hilton and Kelly Osbourne's broker who specializes in tiny dogs has been accused in a police report of "fraud as result of a scam."The customer who filed the report tells us she bought a teacup Maltese from Betty's Teacup Puppies for $7,150 May 23, and was assured the pooch would be delivered by June 1. She says time was of the essence because she was giving the dog to her brother who was leaving the country.The woman says the broker reneged when she called and said the dog was too small to deliver by the deadline. So, the customer demanded her money back the the broker allegedly told her to pound sand.The broker admits she couldn't meet the June 1 deadline, but tells us her contracts clearly state no refunds ... if you pay for a dog, you get a dog. She tells us she'll gladly send a dog to the disgruntled customer.10:15 AM PT -- We're told the customer just agreed to take a partial refund from Betty's in order to resolve the dispute.
TMZ Sports has obtained the Lawrence Taylor DUI video from the night he crashed into a cop car on a Florida highway ... and it shows the NFL legend was wobbly and confused before having a medical emergency while in handcuffs.Taylor was detained by cops in Sept. in Palm Beach after he slammed his Bentley into a police cruiser and a trailer around 5:30 PM.Officers put Taylor through multiple field sobriety tests -- including walk the line and balance on one foot. You can see in the video ... it did not go well for LT.Taylor was arrested on the spot for DUI -- but while in custody, he started to breath heavy and wail in pain. Cops called an ambulance and LT was transported to a nearby hospital for treatment.He recovered and later pled guilty to 1 count of DUI causing injury to person or property. LT was sentenced to 1 year probation and ordered to stay completely sober from drugs and alcohol during that time.
Here's Fat Joe telling TMZ Sports about the time he almost got the HELL KICKED OUTTA HIM by Roy Jones Jr. ... and it was all over one of Joe's most favorite rap lines.You might remember Ja Rule's 2004 hit "New York" which featured Joe and contained a line where the rapper makes reference to Roy's career struggles at the time, having been KO'd by Antonio Tarver."Even Roy Jones was forced to lean back," went the line.Roy was none too pleased about the line -- which he interpreted as a diss -- and according to Joe actually threatened to beat the hell outta him, although in the end cooler heads prevailed.Joe says they're all on good terms now.We reached out to Roy about the whole thing ... and he confirmed to us it's 100% true, saying he was "furious" at the time ... but he's let it go.So, all is well ... now listen to the track. It's still fire!
Drew Carey's new girlfriend is a sex therapist who moonlighted as a model on "The Price Is Right" ... the live touring show, though -- not Drew's TV show.Sources tell us Carey met Dr. Amie Nicole Harwick just over a month ago at a house party. They started dating soon after and are now official -- they went to a soccer game in Portland, and goofed around on the field. Drew's a huge soccer fan and the good doc seemed impressed with his seats.I went to my first soccer game this week when I saw the Sounders play the Timbers with @drewfromtv and it was so much fun. It just happened to be the biggest rivalry in American Soccer. #unintentionaltwinningA post shared by Amie Nicole (@amienicole13) on Jun 27, 2017 at 1:45pm PDTThe 36-year-old therapist is also the author of the book, "The New Sex Bible for Women."Carey was previously engaged to Nicole Jaracz, but they split up in 2012 before making it to the altar.If Drew need some motivation to make this one work out -- check her degree. Not to mention her modeling portfolio ...

John Blackwell Jr. -- who toured with Prince as his drummer for over a decade -- died Tuesday.John's wife, Yaritza said he died peacefully in her company. She said, "Thanks God for his life and thanks everyone for their support."The cause of death is unknown but Blackwell battled a brain tumor last year after undergoing a battery of tests at a hospital in Japan. Yaritza setup a GoFundMe page last July ... and as of date it's raised over $78,000 to help cover medical expenses.Blackwell took up drums at 3 years old, inspired by his father who was himself an accomplished drummer. Blackwell toured with Patti LaBelle before he met Prince, and he also toured with Justin Timberlake ﻿on his FutureSex/LoveSounds album.John was 43.#RIP
There was no shortage of celebrities proudly wearing their favorite red, white & blue garbs and enjoying the festivities that come with celebrating Independence Day -- from Christina Aguilera draped in the American flag to Lance Bass enjoying the Dodger Stadium fireworks.Check out the gallery ... some were goofy -- Candace Cameron -- others were sexy as hell -- Hailey Baldwin -- and there was even a political statement -- Miley Cyrus.Gotta hand it to Bernie Sanders ... he was clearly flattered.
Robert Griffin III is a proud papa for a second time ... his fiance just announced the birth of their daughter.Grete Sadeiko announced Tuesday she gave birth to Gloria who was born Sunday and came in at a healthy 6 pounds, 12 ounces.Grete wrote on Instagram, "Couldn't have done it without this man by my side, my backbone. Trying to make me laugh every way possible and keeping me entertained through all the pain and doing everything to make me smile and get through this. You deserve a medal baby!"The NFL and Florida State track star got engaged back in May ... on the same day she announced she was preggo with Robert's kid.
Joey Chestnut is a BEAST because he ate like one ... scarfing down a record 72 HOT DOGS to win his second straight Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest.Joey blew away the competition Tuesday in Coney Island to win his 10th title. He had set a record last year with 70 hot dogs in 10 minutes. Carmen Cincotti finished second with 60 hot dogs and his rival, Matt Stonie, never came close ... finishing third with 48 franks.Not to be outdone ... Miki Sudo chowed down a personal-best 41 hot dogs to win her fourth straight women's title.
The $20 million Jay-Z  fronted Kanye West was NOT a gift -- as Jay insinuated on his album 4:44 -- it was all part of Live Nation's deal with 'Ye.Sources with direct knowledge of Jay and Kanye's business relationship tell TMZ, the $20 million was a payout advance which could also cover expenses -- including the floating stage -- for Kanye's "Saint Pablo Tour."  The money is sometimes used to cover various production costs and staff.It's actually standard for artists at Kanye's level to get such an advance.  It's part of the deal.Jay certainly made it sound like he and Roc Nation gifted Kanye the dough.  In the song, "Kill Jay Z" Jay raps ..."But you got hurt because you did cool by 'Ye // You gave him 20 million without blinkin' // He gave you 20 minutes on stage, f*** was he thinkin'? // 'F*** wrong with everybody?' is what you sayin' // But if everybody's crazy, you're the one that's insane."We broke the story ... Kanye bailed on Jay-Z's streaming service, Tidal, over a money dispute.  Kanye's decision to leave had nothing to do with the $20 mil.  He claims he's owed unrelated millions for subscription bonuses and music video expenses.Jay has threatened to sue Kanye if he make an exclusive deal with another streaming service, but we're told Kanye's done with exclusive deals.Jay and 'Ye were once like brothers, and they still are ... Cain and Abel.
Scarlett Johansson has ping ponged back to Colin Jost, if this pic is any indication.Scarlett and the "SNL" star were super cozy dining at The Palm Friday night in East Hampton.  They closed the place down at around midnight. Diners say it got pretty romantic with a smooch here and there.The actress, who recently filed for divorce, had been dating Colin but just 2 weeks ago it appeared she started dating her lawyer, Kevin Yorn.
It doesn't get a whole lot cuter ... Chris Pratt put up his "Gone Fishing" sign on his trailer where he's filming "Jurassic World 2" for an outing with his son.Chris showed his casting skills in Honolulu Monday as 4-year-old Jack watched attentively. Chris is a well-known hunter but this time around he happily walked away from the stream empty-handed.The "Guardians of the Galaxy" star reeled in a small barracuda, which he quickly released.The fish now has a good story to tell his friends.
Larry King has been gone from CNN for a while, but he says he knows the place and Donald Trump's claiming it churns out fake news is ridiculous.The veteran talk show host was leaving Craig's Monday night when our photog asked about Trump's tweet, superimposing the CNN logo over Vince McMahon's face as Trump fake pounded away.  Larry, never short for words, had trouble describing his feelings.
Gregg Sulkin has bounced back from Bella Thorne with lightening speed.Photogs got Gregg at Monday Bourgeois Pig in Hollywood with Instagram model Sahara Ray.  They hung out for an hour, downed a little java and made of point of showing they've hooked up.The actor had been dating Bella for about a year and broke up shortly before she jetted off to Cannes with Scott Disick, bailed on him and then hooked up with Scott again when he returned to L.A.No skin off Gregg's teeth.
Tom Mesereau, the lawyer who got Michael Jackson and Robert Blake off, thinks prosecutors in the Bill Cosby case are way off base trying to re-try him for sexual assault.Mesereau, one of the best criminal defense lawyers in the country, makes it clear ... he believes the case against Cosby is "weak" and its ultimately a loser for prosecutors.
Ansel Elgort is insinuating there will be another "Baby Driver" flick, which isn't hard to imagine because it's killing with audiences.Ansel posted this pic with the caption, "#DaddyDriver." It's the real car from the movie, which has a 97% rating on RottenTomatos.com.As for the car ... it's a souped up 2006 Subaru WRX.  There were multiple cars, and Sony gave Ansel one of them, which is the least they could do.Ansel's been Instagramming pics with him and the car all over L.A.
Here's something you don't see every day -- a woman running around in the ceiling like a squirrel on the loose ... as cops yell at her to come down.Houston PD responded to a burglary call at Hall of Fame Hair Studio last week after the manager reported a mostly-naked, bleeding female locked in the bathroom.When cops showed up, the woman allegedly climbed up into the ceiling  ... and ran around like a maniac. Eventually she came down and was arrested for criminal mischief.
Jen Selter is a true patriot when it comes to 4th of July -- just check out her red, white and blue thong and bikini ... and don't forget her ass.The famous fitness model hit the beach for the holiday weekend, and even under gloomy skies ... she still sizzled next to the ol' American flag. A banging bod will do that sometimes.
UFC fighter Sam Alvey is usually the one bringing the pain on the mat ... but he had the tables turned on him when he got choked out by a U.S. soldier in Iraq.Alvey – along with UFC vets Diego Sanchez, Joe Lauzon and Jake Ellenberger – put on a grappling seminar during their weeklong trip to visit our troops  ... and it was smooth sailing until one yoked-out serviceman got a hold of his neck.Smile’n Sam was a good sport about it, of course – the slugger's always had mad respect for what they do, and even told us not serving is his biggest life regret.Not all of the UFCers went as easy on the troops as Alvey … in fact, Sam says one of the guys was out there taking heads and arms!
Atteeeeeeeeention!While you grub on barbeque and binge on brewskis try to guess which sexy stars are reppin’ red, white & blue bikinis.
Tiger Woods is out of the woods for his issues with prescription pills ... at least that's what he's claiming now.Tiger posted a message Monday saying he completed an out of state "private intensive program" to deal with his medication problem that got him busted for DUI in May.He goes on to say he'll continue to tackle his problem with the help of his doctors, family and friends.We broke the story ... Tiger was found by cops asleep at the wheel while driving in Florida. He failed a field sobriety test that was captured on video, and later blew zeros on a breathalyzer ... meaning he was not intoxicated with alcohol.Tiger blamed the DUI on a bad mix of prescription pills ... for which he said he'd be getting "professional help." Seems like the job's all done.
Justin Bieber, Kanye West, Tom Cruise ﻿and Mel Gibson﻿ are so busy making money they don't have time for scooping up what they consider chump change and what we consider to be a bonanza.Kanye: $1,886 -- from PayPal, Foot Locker and insurance money.Tom Cruise: $1,324 -- from Paramount Pictures, Charles Schwab and others.Caitlyn Jenner: $3,892 -- from Foot Locker and insurance money.Mel Gibson: $216 -- from AAA, Blue Cross and AMCO.Justin Bieber: $19 -- from PayPal (hey, enough for a nice lunch).
Dixie Chicks lead singer Natalie Pasdar has filed for divorce ... TMZ has learned.Natalie cites irreconcilable differences in her petition to end her marriage with Adrian Pasdar. The couple has two boys, ages 16 and 12, and she's asking for joint custody.Natalie and Adrian, an actor who starred in "Heroes," married back in 2000.Sources connected with the couple tell TMZ the split is amicable.It's ironic ... just last year a feature article appeared on a country music news site calling the couple one of "Country's Greatest Love Stories."
Jay Z's attack against Kanye West on 4:44 has nothing to do with Kanye bailing from Tidal ... it's all about Kanye's concert rant ... and Jay clearly does not think Kanye's mental condition at the time was an excuse.Sources connected to the 2 moguls tell us Jay was enraged when Kanye went on stage November 19th in Sacramento and first went after Beyonce with thoughts that were difficult to understand and then calling out Jay for shutting him out of his life.As one Kanye source put it, "Kanye was days away from going to a psych ward with some really serious mental issues. We get why he [Jay] was upset, but give Kanye a break."We're told Kanye had no idea Jay would go after him on 4:44 and when he heard it he was "shocked."Jay's new album contains the lyrics, "I know people backstab you I felt bad too.  But this f*** everybody attitude ain't natural.  But you ain't a saint, this ain't kumbaye.  But you got hurt because you did cool by 'Ye.  You gave him $20 million without blinkin'.  He gave you 20 minutes on stage, f*** was he thinking'?  f*** wrong with everybody is what you sayin'.  But if everybody's crazy, you're the one that's insane."
Venus Williams broke down in tears Monday at a press conference when asked about the fatal car crash she's being blamed for ... and was left utterly speechless mid-sentence.Venus Williams got emotional in her Wimbledon press conference when asked about her car accident pic.twitter.com/ROra21j8KYThe tennis super star was doing a presser after her opening match win at Wimbledon, and when someone asked her about her car crash last month that left an elderly man dead ... she got very emotional and could not continue speaking.We broke the story ... Venus is being sued for wrongful death after she was found at fault in a car accident that left 78-year-old Jerome Barson dead. Cops say she impeded oncoming traffic by trying to get past a street light.
Chris Christie went ham Sunday at a news conference when a reporter dared to ask him if he got a tan while sitting on a beach the NJ Governor closed down, firing back, "We're talking about the closure of government and you're talking about your TMZ stuff."Christie's taking more heat than he got from his beach outing, captured by The Star-Ledger of New Jersey. Christie had closed the beach in the wake of a government shutdown in his state over failure to pass a budget.The most hilarious part ... after Christie left the beach over the weekend, he was asked if he had gotten any sun and said, "I didn't get any sun today."  Then photos surfaced and his spokesperson gyrated ... "He did not get any sun. He had a baseball hat on."
Maria Menounos just revealed she's battling a brain tumor ... and her diagnosis comes while her mother is currently battling brain cancer.Menounos, who has hosted "Access Hollywood" and worked as a correspondent for "Today" as well as anchoring an "E" program, says she underwent surgery back in April -- a 7-hour procedure -- to remove the golf-ball sized growth.  She says the operation was successful and almost all of it was removed.Maria tells People, "My face is still numb.  This is something that takes at least a month of healing, but I'm getting stronger and stronger everyday and I'll be back to normal very soon."Maria's mom is in her own fight -- stage 4 gliblastoma.
Amber Rose and 21 Savage are not only together ... they're on the fast track for "happily ever after."We're told, since first hooking up several weeks ago, they've been together every day and night for the past 2 weeks.Get this ... she's already taken him to meet her mom and the rest of the family, and she followed suit by meeting his mom and cousins.We're told Savage has "bonded" with 4-year-old Bash.As for their age difference -- she's 33 and he's 24 --  Amber thinks it's both irrelevant and a double standard. Rose and Kanye had a 7 year age gap, and no one threw shade then.Short story ... this is not just casual dating. They are in a race to the finish.
The players on UCLA's men's basketball team ran into some super stars before a summer work out this holiday weekend ... none other than Kanye West and 2 Chainz!The team rolled into the university's Wooden Center gym for a scheduled practice Monday, only to find 'Ye, 2 Chainz and some of their friends warming up the court with a game of their own.The team did not play with the 2 rap stars, but rather just talked and posed for some pics ... including one of 'Ye with head coach Steve Alford.Great now I have to deal with pops thinking he's way cooler than he really is 😐😑 pic.twitter.com/YSH8zBbAZuAs we reported ... Kanye had 2 Chainz and his family over for dinner Sunday night.
Chauncey Billups might wanna put his consideration for the Cleveland Cavaliers front office job on hold ... 'cause he is KILLIN' it in Ice Cube's BIG3 League.Chauncey played a game Sunday night at the Spectrum Center in North Carolina, and he looked like his old self ... draining 3's and setting up his teammates to score.As we reported ... the ex-NBA baller was offered a front office job with the Cavs, and he's reportedly still mulling that over. He told reporters Sunday after his game that a decision should come in the next few days.The only potential snag ... if Chauncey takes the job, he might have to ditch Cube's league mid-season. And as Cube said, he's got a contract with the guy. Problem?9:25 AM PT -- Multiple reports Monday allege Billups has turned down the Cleveland job.
Donnell Rawlings is about to make you laugh out loud over his cautionary tale about the 4th of July and the perils of black people and fireworks.We got the comedian Saturday night leaving The Nice Guy in WeHo, and he hilariously had a take on how gang signs were created. He's obviously kidding, but it's really funny.
Kourtney Kardashian is far far from home this 4th of July ...  reconnoitering w BF Younes Bendjima.The 23-year-old french model was strolling the streets of Saint-Tropez in the French Rivera with the 38-year-old mother of 3.Meanwhile ... Kourtney's baby daddy Scott Disick was partying hard at LIV nightclub in Miami, celebrating David Grutman's birthday. Nelly, Kevin Hart and DJ Irie joined in the festivities. Bella Thorne stayed in L.A.Why do we think it's not the end for Kourtney and Scott?
1:20 PM PT -- Law enforcement sources tell us the crash was accidental. The driver reportedly lost control of his car.A car has struck a crowd of pedestrians at an airport in East Boston, resulting in several injuries ... but it's unclear what may have caused the crash.Massachusetts State Police put out a statement Monday saying multiple units were on the scene of Logan International Airport, where a vehicle had struck a crowd near the taxi pool outside. Ambulances were also on the scene as injuries were reported.The vehicle in question appears to be a taxi. Boston PD is saying the driver stayed on the scene and is fully cooperative.Unclear as of now if any of the injuries are life threatening ... or if terrorism is suspected.
Taryn Manning has unvarnished contempt for the outlaws who leaked this season of "Orange is the New Black."Taryn used her middle finger to show contempt for group known as "Thedarkoverlord" ... which leaked 10 "OITNB" episodes from Season 5 after demanding a $50k ransom.As the actress left Catch Sunday night, she insinuated the group sold itself way short by such a paltry demand.
Kanye West posed for a picture with his family and 2 Chainz and his brood ... seems ordinary, right? Wrong.The pic was taken Sunday night at Kim and Kanye's Bel Air estate.  It's significant because of a story TMZ broke earlier in the day ... that Kanye split from Jay Z's Tidal over a money dispute.2 Chanz is signed to Kanye's GOOD Music label.  They're friends for sure, but there's also a more subtle message ... treat your employees right and it will be one big, happy fam.
Joey Chestnut -- the greatest wiener gobbler of all time -- has some tough talk for his hot dog rival Matt Stonie ... I'M GONNA CRUSH YOU AND YOUR SKINNY JEANS!!With just hours until Chestnut tries to defend his title at the Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest on Coney Island ... Joey's telling TMZ Sports why Stonie's gonna get chewed up and spit out.He also takes a shot at Stonie's fashion.But here's the problem for Joey ... Stonie's been KILLIN' IT on the competitive eating circuit and recently put down FOUR In-N-Out 4X4 burgers in 2 minutes, 59 secs!!!For those who don't know ... a 4X4 is basically a tall ass burger with 4 patties and 4 slices of cheese. It's a lot of food.We told Joey about the results and he laughed at Matt's slow ass.Oh it's on now!!!
"The Real Housewives of Atlanta" wanna switch things up this season, and it's up to former "America's Next Top Model" winner Eva Marcille to pass the test.Sources close to the production tell TMZ ... producers invited Eva for the upcoming season to see if she fits with the current cast. We're told she's already shot a few scenes with NeNe Leakes at her home.Eva -- who won season 3 of 'Top Model' -- could possibly replace Cynthia Bailey or Porsha Williams because we're told one of them might be phased out next season on account of their story lines drying up.
Corey Feldman isn't about to let a little thing like bashing out a tooth derail his band -- so superglue saved the tour.Corey, accompanied by his Angels, told us it was actually a $2,000 veneer that got knocked out of his mouth when he accidentally hit it on the mic in Milwaukee. He says he wouldn't have been able to sing without his tooth, so he was lucky a fan found it ... and some superglue was handy.While the mouth damage made for great entertainment, sounds like Corey wants fans at upcoming Midwest gigs to come out for the music -- not stray incisors.
Tony Hawk is ready to toss his balls at White Goodman and the rest of his Globo Gym cronies ... and tells TMZ Sports he has a wish list of Average Joe's he wants with him -- starting with LEBRON JAMES.You already know Hawk and some of the biggest stars in the world like LeBron, The Rock, and Justin Bieber were called out by Ben Stiller (White) to compete in a dodgeball death match for Stiller's charity.Tony already said he's in ... and basically told us he's more Team LeBron than Team Joe's."LeBron, I want him on my team ... even if he's going to the other team," Hawk said. "I want him by my side throwing balls."No word from the King yet, but chances seem good ... dodging balls from Stiller sounds a lot safer than dodging nut shots from Draymond Green﻿.

Smith Hart -- the oldest sibling of the Hart wrestling family, and brother to Bret Hart -- has died after a battle with cancer.Former WWE wrestler David Hart Smith -- Smith's nephew -- posted a message Sunday saying his uncle had died. Smith's own Facebook page posted a message as well confirming his death.Smith was the oldest of 12 in the Hart wrestling family, and appeared in WrestleMania 26 alongside his younger brother, Bret ... who wrestled Vince McMahon in 2010. Smith wrestled professionally through the '70s, '80s and '90s, and made appearances on WWF and WWE.Smith was apparently foreshadowing his death for a while now. He posted a pic of himself at his younger brother Owen's grave site ... with the caption "Thought I'd visit with Owen today. I'll see you soon brother." Owen died tragically in 1999 during a WWF pay-per-view event due to an equipment malfunction.Smith has been in the hospital fighting terminal cancer since at least June of this year.He was 68.
Kanye West isn't interested in bonuses from Apple, Spotify or any other streaming platforms ... 'cause he's done with exclusive releases.Sources with knowledge of the conflict between Kanye and Tidal tell us Kanye does not want to enter into any more exclusive album releases or contracts with streaming services to host any upcoming projects of his, because he wants to avoid what happened on Tidal ... too limited access for far too long.We're told when Kanye does drop new material, he plans to make it available on as many music platforms as possible ... so more people can listen as soon as it's released.We broke the story ... Kanye has split from Tidal over a money dispute, and both parties face possible legal action if he goes to another streaming service. His last album, "The Life of Pablo," was exclusively on Tidal for about a month and a half, and we're told that's affecting his decision to widely release his music.As we reported ... Kanye's business beef with Tidal predates the release of Jay-Z's album "4:44" ... in which he disses 'Ye.The bottom line, though ... new Kanye music should be coming to a streaming service near you in the near future.
10:41 AM PT -- CNN released a statement saying ... "It is a sad day when the President of the United States encourages violence against reporters. Clearly, Sarah Huckabee Sanders lied when she said the President had never done so." They go on to say he should stick to doing his job ... instead of attacking their network. Donald Trump went ham on Twitter Sunday, posting a video of himself at Wrestlemania 23 where he beat up Vince McMahon, but this time he superimposed CNN as the recipient of his fake violence.#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjgWhat can we say ... he is a President obsessed with cable news beyond reason.What's especially troublesome ... everyone knows wrestling is fake, but the images look real, and the message is clear ... he's determined to pound the life out of CNN.
Kanye West, a key player in Jay Z's Tidal stable, has left the company over a money dispute and Tidal has threatened to sue him ... TMZ has learned.Sources connected to Tidal tell TMZ, Kanye has been unhappy with the company for a long time. We're told Kanye has complained the company owes him money -- more than $3 million.Our sources say a month ago Kanye's lawyer sent a letter to Tidal, saying the company was in breach and the contract was terminated. Over the next 2 weeks lawyers for both sides tried to resolve the conflict but failed. We're told 2 weeks ago Kanye's lawyer fired off a second letter declaring again the contract was over.Kanye's decision to split from Tidal predates the release of Jay Z's album in which he trashes Kanye, and we're told Kanye had no advance knowledge of Jay's lyrics.We're told Kanye's beef with Tidal is twofold -- his The Life of Pablo album resulted in 1 1/2 million new subscribers to Tidal, for which he was supposed to get a bonus but the company hasn't paid. Kanye also says Tidal reneged on reimbursing him for music videos.Our sources say Tidal's position is that Kanye didn't deliver the videos required by the contract. Kanye's response ... I'll deliver the videos when you pay me what I'm owed.We're told Tidal fired off a letter to Kanye, saying as far as the company was concerned it still had an exclusive contract with the rapper and if he tried to go to another streaming service they'd sue him. We're told Kanye's willing to walk away, but if Tidal sues him, he'll sue them right back.
Derek Fisher has been formally charged with 2 counts of DUI stemming from his June 4 crash on the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles ... TMZ Sports has learned.Fisher was arrested after he lost control of a Cadillac Escalade, slammed into a guardrail and flipped the vehicle around 3 AM ... with his girlfriend, Gloria Govan, in the passenger seat.Miraculously, no one was injured. However, several concerned witnesses called 911 fearing for the worst.The OnStar system in the car connected Gloria and Derek to a highway patrol operator in the moments after the crash -- and Gloria can be heard saying that everything was fine and under control.Shocking how calm she seemed considering how banged up the car was.If convicted on both counts of DUI, Fisher faces up to 6 months in jail -- but since it's his first offense, he most likely won't spend a single minute behind bars.Instead, he'll probably get probation, fines and orders to complete an alcohol education class.After the crash, Fisher was adamant he'll never repeat his mistake ever again.
Model Chanel Iman is crazy hot, and any doubts were put to rest Saturday in Miami.Chanel hit the beach Saturday with boyfriend Sterling Shepard, who's a wide receiver for the New York Giants. They've been dating since January ... in model years that's a lot longer.She was workin' the camera in a big way, posing with a girlfriend and just looking super good.They're in Miami to celebrate July 4th weekend. Thanks to Chanel for facilitating a pre-4th celebration for people far, far away.
Diddy called out DJ Whoo Kid in a big/funny/kinda serious way for going all Benedict Arnold on the vodka front.Diddy was hosting a pool party at Hard Rock in Vegas Saturday when he came face-to-face with Whoo who was chugging the clear stuff, but not the right kind .. i.e., Ciroc.
Nick Jonas knows how to charm ... his date and everyone else who's lookin' at this pic.Nick took this little girl to Craig's in WeHo Saturday night, and her face says clearly what an awesome time she had.We don't know who she is ... maybe a relative.  It doesn't really matter because the shot is so awesome.She's clutching a kid's i-Pad, which then raises the question ... did she actually take eyes off Nick while she was chowing down?!?!!
Cheyenne Jackson and husband Jason Landau were out and about Saturday with their 8-month-old twins.Willow and Ethan were takin' in the sights in a super fancy stroller as they left an L.A. restaurant. Cheyenne married Jason Landau in 2014. The kids were born via surrogate. It's Jackson's second marriage.FYI ... Cheyenne starred on Broadway but became famous on "American Horror Story," where his character became the new owner of the haunted hotel.  He also played Roanoke, the crazy TV director.
Bob the Drag Queen is calling out LL Cool J and Chrissy Teigen -- insisting their show, "Lip Sync Battle," copied "RuPaul's Drag Race," and not the other way around.Bob, who won season 8 of 'Drag Race,' ... wants to shut up the haters who claim the recent season 9 finale ripped off the 'LSB' format. Bob says his show's always featured a sudden death lip sync battle between the show's lowest scoring drag queens.Not to mention, 'Drag Race' was already on its 7th season when 'LSB' premiered.Bottom line -- don't come for Bob, 'Lip Sync' fans, and she won't come for you.
One of the greatest (fictional) golfers ever says he still believes in Tiger Woods ... and is giving TW some game on how to bounce back from his DUI ... 'cause he's been there too.We talked to Christopher McDonald, the actor who played legendary golfer Shooter McGavin in "Happy Gilmore" (classic) and asked him about Tiger's very real problems.McDonald is the right guy to ask ... he was popped for DWI back in 2013, and has since cleaned his life up, something he believes Tiger Woods can -- and will -- do."I went through it myself, I got off. He'll get off."As far as Tiger's legacy ... McDonald says arrest or no arrest Tiger's legacy is secured."He's been a hero of mine and a hero of America for a long time. One of the greatest golfers ever."
Fruit of the Loom is trying to pants the company it says got into the name game a little too late -- like, 124 years too late.The iconic underwear company is suing En Grande, claiming its Fruit of the Tomb clothing brand is a total ripoff. In the docs, Fruit of the Loom says that doesn't fly because of the obvious similarity to its handle.FOTL says its roots go back to 1891 when it first made its mark -- trade, not skid -- in the underwear game. Basically, the Loom crew thinks it's pretty cute Tomb tried to do the same in 2015.Loom says it warned Tomb to shut down operations, but it ignored the demand and launched last year. Fruit of the Loom is suing for damages.
Start your holiday weekend off swimmingly by soaking in the Blac Chyna pool pics ... then dive in and see if you can declare the differences between these two independent images.
Hayley Williams and Chad Gilbert -- a rock star couple who have been together nearly 10 years -- have broken up ... and it was apparently marriage that did them in.Chad -- a founding member of New Found Glory -- posted the news about splitting with his wife -- Paramore's lead vocalist Hayley -- Saturday on his Instagram.He writes ... "Marriage is not for the faint of heart. Love is an absolute risk. And it's up to each of us to stay hopeful even when the outcome isn't what we'd originally hoped for."Chad continues to state they are splitting up, but the 2 remain close friends who are "good in each other's eyes."Hayley and Chad got married just last year in February 2016. Check out his full statement below.
Lionel Messi married his longtime girlfriend, Antonella Roccuzzo, in front of more than 250 friends and family at a super-star-studded event.The famous soccer player got hitched at a hotel/casino in Rosario Argentina in a lavish ceremony in front of his fellow Barcelona F.C. players, pop star Shakira, family and childhood friends.Lionel and Antonella have known each other for 25 years ... since he was 5.Phones were banned during the ceremony.
Donald Trump's obsession with cable news knows no bounds ... he went on a Twitter rampage Saturday claiming Greta Van Susteren got fired because "she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'"MSNBC parted ways with Greta 2 days ago -- the network says it was mutual but insiders say Greta wasn't resonating with the audience.The cable network, which intensely dislikes the Prez and makes no bones about it, got in Trump's cross hairs. Trump called out NBC honchos as "out of control bosses."He also went after his go-to ... CNN, saying, "I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism."And he took more shots at Joe and Mika ... calling him "crazy" and her "dumb as a rock."It's absolutely amazing ... on a good day CNN and MSNBC score a couple million viewers ... but Trump has put them in the center of his universe.Amazing ... and ridiculous.
J Lo and A-Rod caused quite the scene Friday night in Queens ... with fans going insane.They were strolling around Hunters Point Park and, let's just say few have hit the grass looking this good.Earlier in the evening Jennifer performed at at 4th of July Concert in NYC. Alex was front and center and gave her a big fat kiss as she left the stage.By the way ... JLo did not disappoint, putting on a proud display of what her mamma gave her.
Akon's got some advice for anyone Jay-Z puts on blast -- just let it go.We got the singer at LAX Friday and asked him about Jay firing off at people like Kanye and Eric Benet on his new album, "4:44" ... he thinks it's so rare that anyone getting heat should just take it -- or it could get worse for them.
Kanye West isn't sweating Jay-Z's diss ... unless he just hasn't heard it.Yeezus was at his studio in Calabasas Friday looking happy, healthy, and oblivious to Jay's new lyrics ...“I know people backstab you, I feel bad too / But this f*** everybody attitude ain’t natural / But you ain’t the same, this ain’t KumbaYe / But you got hurt because you did cool by ‘Ye / You gave him 20 million without thinkin’ / He gave you 20 minutes on stage, f*** was he thinkin’? / ‘F*** wrong with everybody?’ is what you sayin’ / But if everybody’s crazy, you’re the one that’s insane" on Jay-Z's new "4:44" album.We broke the story ... Kanye's goal is to get back on tour as soon as early 2018, so maybe he's just got bigger fish to fry.  And, he's writing new music.
At least 25 people were injured in gunfire during another shooting at a club ... this time in Little Rock, Arkansas.An unknown gunman opened fire at the Power Ultra Lounge around 2:30 AM Saturday morning and the terrifying moments were caught on cell phone video.According to KATV ... shots were first fired from the crowd and then returned from the stage. Rapper Finesse 2Tymes was the headlining act of the night and was finishing his set.So far, 25 people have been reported with gunshot injuries and several more were hurt in the trampling that followed. Cops say the shooting was a result of a dispute at the concert, and they suspect multiple people fired weapons.
Charlie Sheen is still winning.The actor and avid sports fan sold an iconic piece of memorabilia -- Babe Ruth's 1927 New York Yankees World Series ring -- for a whopping $2,093,927 via auction Friday night. But he wasn't done there ... he also hauled in $2,303,920 for an original copy of the sale document that sent Ruth from the Red Sox to the Yanks in 1919.That's $4.4 mil if you're keeping track.We actually got Sheen out in Studio City, CA Friday before the Lelands.com auction was complete and asked him why he was unloading his Babe Ruth gear. His answer was very Charlie.So was his answer for whether or not he's trading Ruth's ring for an engagement ring.
Christopher Darden thinks the O.J. Simpson glove demo was one of the greatest moves in the history of jurisprudence ... the question -- greatest for who?Darden is featured on "The Jury Speaks," an Oxygen show that will air July 22. TMZ has obtained a clip in which Darden seems to still stand behind his decision to have O.J. try on the bloody glove that was used by the murderer.It's stunning ... Darden blames Simpson for making it appear the glove didn't fit -- which is exactly why a chorus of critics felt it was a super bad decision to allow him to do the demo in front of the jury.
Prodigy may be gone, but he's not forgotten ... especially by his other half in Mobb Deep -- Havoc.The rapper took the stage Friday night at the NJ PAC Center for the first time since Prodigy's death for the Art of Rap Festival  ... and it was powerful stuff.East Coast rap was fully represented for the show ... especially when Ice T joined Havoc on stage.Prodigy was hospitalized after a show in Vegas and died June 20th.  He suffered from sickle cell anemia for years, but his cause of death is still unknown.
Donald Trump is one of the most polarizing political figures in American history, but there's actually a consensus on his golf skills ... and now those skills can rub off on you if the price is right.RR Auction is hawking TaylorMade clubs that were swung by Trump at his course in Bedminster, NJ more than 10 years ago. They were gifted to his personal caddie, Andrew Lombardo.The irons are engraved with "D. Trump." The future Prez later changed his signature engraving to "DJT1."The auction house is hoping the clubs will fetch around $30k.Sounds high, right? But fact is ... Trump's an excellent golfer with a 3 handicap.Here's the thing ... even if you buy the clubs, don't think you can drive the golf cart on the green.

Chanel West Coast reached her boiling point with Charlamagne tha God, but she's keeping things room temp, and VERY boozy at her Saturday night performance.We got a copy of Chanel's backstage demands for her opening gig at Ty Dolla Sign's show at The Pressroom in Phoenix. Pretty simple as celeb needs go -- 73 on the thermostat and the following beverages:1 bottle of Patron 1 bottle of vodka 1 bottle of champagne 8  water bottles6 sugar free Red BullsMind you, she's only doing a 30 minute set. That leaves lots of time to polish off the liquor, and not much food to soak it up. Chanel only wants 1 veggie platter and some pita with hummus.Charlamagne still might call it wack ... sounds like a party to us.
Billy McFarland, the man who teamed up with Ja Rule to organize the disastrous Fyre Festival, has been charged with one count of wire fraud in relation to the event.Federal prosecutors say McFarland was arrested at his home in Manhattan Friday after he allegedly tricked investors into pledging over $1 million into his company to put on the event.You'll remember ... hundreds of angry ticket buyers were left stranded in the Bahamas back in April. The festival promised a weekend of big name performances, luxurious accommodations and ritzy dining options.When festival-goers arrived -- they found makeshift tents, a stage that was barely standing and food that included a piece of cheese between slices of bread.If found guilty, McFarland could be sentenced to a max of 20 years behind bars.Ja Rule -- who helped promote the event -- has not been arrested.
Does Big Show think Dave Bautista has what it takes to rival The Rock as the biggest actor in Hollywood??"Abso-freakin'-lutely."We spoke with the WWE legend about Bautista's skyrocketing success in the movie biz with roles in huge flicks like the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' series ... and Big Show thinks it's just the beginning for Drax.It's a huge compliment ... especially since The Rock was the highest paid actor in 2016, reportedly raking in $64.5 MILLION last year.
Chief Keef's taking paternity cases to a new level -- the rapper's been named the daddy without ever taking a DNA test.According to docs obtained by TMZ, a judge went all Maury by declaring Keef is the father because he never responded or objected to the case. The baby mama is former porn actress, Aareon "Slim Danger" Clark, who gave birth to a baby boy, Zinc Clark, last July.Zinc's already got baby locks! Dad must be proud.Slim tells us Keef's never seen the kid, and never took a paternity test ... which is why she took him to court. Zinc is 21-year-old Keef's fourth child.We've reached out to Chief Keef, but no word back. Must be out buying cigars.


Donald and Melania Trump's portraits are already making their way to the White House, courtesy of Congressman Mike Kelly, but not the official ones.The portraits are a surprise gift from one of Kelly's constituents. They were painted by artist Barry Wingard, who (no surprise) voted for Trump.Wingard reached out to Kelly's office to help get the paintings delivered to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave, and Kelly says he was moved by the quality of the oil portraits.Kelly's already met with Trump's White House staff about the portraits and says they'll get a full Secret Service once-over if the President and Melania want them hung.
Adele has canceled the final two concerts on her 123-date world tour saying the show can't go on because she's damaged her vocal cords.Adele shared a lengthy and heartfelt message to her fans Friday explaining that she felt like she was constantly clearing her throat during the first 2 shows of a sold out 4-night run at Wembley Stadium in London. Although she took a bunch of steroids and meds, it didn't help and doctors have advised her not to proceed with the final 2 Wembley gigs.She says a refund will be given if the shows aren't rescheduled, so it doesn't seem like she's thinking this is the end all be all.Adele's vocal cords have persistently given her problems. In 2011, she had surgery on them to remove a polyp.
Mischa Barton says she found proof one of her exes has copies of what she calls "doctored" sex tapes.She was supposed to have a courtroom showdown Friday with Adam Spaw, but he was absent due to a family illness. Instead, his attorney appeared and heard Mischa plead her case to a judge for a permanent restraining order.She claimed Spaw left behind multiple flash drives -- containing the "doctored" tapes -- when he moved out of their home. The judge pressed Mischa to explain what was doctored ... and she would only say they weren't originals.
Beyonce and Jay-Z's twins' names are a mystery no more -- at least it appears that way.It seems Rumi and Sir Carter are the new additions to the family. We know that because the company run by Bey and Jay that owns the trademarks to their names filed legal docs Monday, June 26 -- right around the time the twins went home -- to secure rights to the names Rumi Carter and Sir Carter.The docs are filed by the same company that filed for a Blue Ivy trademark earlier this year.The name Rumi appears to be an homage to a 13th century Persian poet by that name -- and Sir happens to be referenced in one of his most famous poems:“Bring the pure wine oflove and freedom.But sir, a tornado is coming.More wine, we'll teach this stormA thing or two about whirling.”The trademarks are for fragrances, cosmetics, key chains, baby teething rings, strollers, mugs, water bottles, hair ribbons, playing cards, tote bags, sports balls, rattles and novelty items.Short story ... Rumi and Sir are about to become part of the Carter empire.Welcome.
1:30 PM PT -- Joe says he's out of the hospital and doing fine. As he says, he "got out of it without a scratch." However, his assistant, who was driving, broke his thumb. Joe says they're gonna do lunch at home, and "All is well. Thank God."Joe Jackson's been taken to a hospital after a car accident near the Las Vegas strip ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources tell us ... Joe was a passenger in a black Jaguar when it T-boned a red SUV. MJ's father walked into a Panda Express next to the accident scene, and sat down wincing in pain ... according to witnesses.We're told he was complaining of chest pains and paramedics took him by ambulance to a hospital.It's unclear who was driving Joe, or if anyone else suffered injuries..
Lindsay Lohan's getting the party started a little early for her birthday ... hitting the beach at one of her favorite spots in Greece.The soon-to-be 31-year-old arrived in Mykonos Thursday and enjoyed a boat ride and a refreshing dip in the sea. Even though the celebration has begun, her bday's not actually until Sunday.What's interesting -- Lindsay's rocking a green emerald ring ... very similar to her old engagement ring. Don't be fooled, though -- we're told she just loves emeralds, and it's actually part of her new jewelry line ... aptly called Lohan by Lindsay Lohan.Happy early birthday, Whatsyourname!
Sandra Bullock's stalker got quietly released from a mental health facility and is now back on the streets ... and it was news to one very shocked actress.Sandra's lawyer, Ed McPherson, was in court Friday for a scheduled hearing to turn Sandra's temporary restraining order into a permanent one. The judge signed off, so now Joshua Corbett is required to stay 200 yards clear of Sandra until June 2022.But it's much scarier. We're told Sandra and her lawyer were under a clear impression Corbett would be in a mental health facility for 6 months, after pleading no contest to one felony count each of stalking and first-degree burglary. As we reported, he broke into Sandra's home in 2014 and came face-to-face with Sandra at her bedroom door in the middle of the night. What's more, Corbett had diaries in which he said his intention was to sexually assault her. He also had a cache of weapons.Turns out the judge gave the doctors discretion, and around 2 weeks ago the doctors felt Corbett was well enough to be put back on the streets, so he was released.He's still being monitored as part of an out-patient program but the fact Corbett is free creates a scary situation for Sandra.
The private jets are landing in Argentina for the wedding of the year -- soccer superstar Lionel Messi tying the knot to his childhood sweetheart ... and Shakira's on the guest list.The singer and her soccer star husband, Gerard Pique, touched down in Rosario for the wedding, reportedly set to go down Friday afternoon in front of a crowd of hundreds.Among the stars expected to watch Messi and Antonella Roccuzzo -- soccer studs Luis Suarez, Neymar, Xavi, Cesc Fabregas and Carlos Puyol.
Kendall and Kylie Jenner's vintage t-shirt line pissed off rock legend band The Doors, and now the iconic group's going to sue.Lawyers for the band fired off a cease and desist letter to the Jenner sisters over the gear ... which features a famous pic of Jim Morrison covered by a Kendall selfie. The letter, dated Thursday, says the t-shirt line tarnishes their trademark. The shirt also features the band's logo.As we reported, the sisters removed the t-shirt line completely on Thursday -- after getting a similar threat from the estate of Notorious B.I.G. -- and apologized for offending all artists included on the tees including Ozzy Osbourne, Pink Floyd, Tupac and of course, The Doors.
Annie Lennox may get a huge break ... a shot at actually getting one of her songs played on the radio!This is hilarious. A chick named Kylie, who works for a radio station, sent Annie a letter which begins ... "I came across your music on line and really like what I heard!"Kylie, the New Music Coordinator for the station, went on, "I find artists who I think have potential and get them in rotation on our station. If you'd like, please send over the MP3 for your latest single," adding, "I'll forward it to Glenn our program director to see if he's interested in putting it in rotation."Things actually turn a little weird, as the email continues ... "We are connected to an artist development firm that can also get you onto 150 radio stations worldwide."Annie just posted a caution ... "Whilst it's obviously a bit of fun sharing the email I received telling me I had 'potential' sadly up and coming musicians are sent these kinds of scams every day."BTW, just a sample of the dozens of Annie Lennox/Eurythmics hits ... "Walking on Broken Glass," "Why," "Sweet Dreams," "Here Comes The Rain Again" ...
Prodigy's memorial service ended with a showdown between NYPD and one unruly mourner ... who ended up getting hauled away in cuffs.TMZ obtained this video of the man outside the public service Thursday evening in NYC. A large crowd gathered outside the Frank E. Campbell "Funeral Chapel" immediately following the service, and cops say the suspect was blocking pedestrians.A dozen cops were on the scene when police told him to move to the other side of the street ... and that's when things got heated. First, a shouting match between the man and an officer -- and then a full-fledged fight when cops tried to take him into custody.In the end, NYPD arrested the guy for resisting arrest, obstruction and disorderly conduct.The service went off without a hitch inside. As we reported ... LL Cool J, Remy Ma and Ice-T were among the celebs who showed up to pay their last respects to the Mobb Deep rapper.
Thanks to some divine intervention ... we've learned Bieber's friends are Laura and Ava Lentz -- wife and daughter of his pastor and pal Carl Lentz.Nothing to see here, folks.Justin Bieber's a fan of three's company ... it's how he rolls.The Biebs was hanging onto a brunette beauty while walking near the shore in the South of France. The younger girl appears to be tagging along -- maybe the daughter of Justin's companion? Whatever ... he doesn't seem to mind.Justin's girl has great taste -- not because she's with him. Check out her Kate Moss tank.
Jay-Z's using his wife's playbook to push his new album, "4:44" -- making personal revelations about cheating and his mother's sexuality.Hov opens his title track apologizing to Beyonce, and says it took the birth of their daughter, Blue Ivy, to change his womanizing ways. It's interesting ... he also refers to his newborn twins as "natural." The assumption is he wants everyone to know they didn't use in vitro.Then there's "Smile" where he rhymes ... "Mama had four kids, but she’s a lesbian/ Had to pretend so long that she’s a thespian.”There's also a shot at Eric Benet on the album opener, "Killing Jay Z." Hov raps, "You almost went Eric Benet/ Let the baddest girl in the world get away." Benet's marriage to Halle Berry ended after he cheated on her.Benet, who is now married to Prince's ex, Manuela Testolini, has already responded.
Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough are firing right back at President Trump ... claiming he reached out to help them fend off an unflattering report about their relationship, but with a major string attached.The co-hosts/engaged couple claim several Trump administration officials called them repeatedly with the offer over a National Enquirer story about them having an affair -- but they said Joe had to call the President first.They made it seem like the offer was ... grovel to Trump, and he'll have the story killed.Joe and Mika dropped the bombshell allegation on "Morning Joe" Friday morning. They actually canceled vacation plans so they could be on the air to respond to Trump's Thursday morning tweets -- where he claimed Mika was bleeding from a facelift when they begged him to attend a party at Mar-a-Lago.As for that claim ... they addressed it straight on, and told a much different story about how they ended up at the President's New Year's bash -- and the facelift? Mika copped to having a procedure, but added ... that's far from the biggest issue here. She's right.Interestingly, she also did exactly what Trump did -- plastic surgery shaming. Poor form?Trump has already responded on Twitter, calling them liars.Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad showBut wait ... there's more. Joe just responded and said Trump's lying and he can prove it.
Rob Kardashian has traded up on the home front ... no, he's not dating a new chick, he's sold his first home for a modest profit.Rob bought the 4 bedroom pad in Calabasas' Oaks neighborhood for $2.285 million in February 2016. He put it on the market 11 months later for $2.6 million, right after the birth of his daughter, Dream. It finally sold Wednesday for $2.44 mil, so Rob pocketed a little more than $100k, with the help of Tomer Fridman of Compass Real Estate.
Even as a severely disfigured character, Ryan Reynolds still has enviable looks.Ryan was in full Wade Wilson mode during filming of "Deadpool 2" in Vancouver, Canada. He's in full makeup with burn-like scars all over his entire body.The big, red killing machine isn't wearing a Crazy Horse shirt this time around ... but he's definitely getting wet filming several takes under a torrential downpour.
Venus Williams flouted numerous traffic laws as she sped through an intersection and caused a crash that resulted in horrendous injuries to a married couple, killing the husband ... this according to a new wrongful death lawsuit.Venus broke the law on June 9 by entering an intersection in Palm Beach County, and she failed to yield the right of way, blew through a red light, drove too fast while distracted, and recklessly created a situation where the accident was unavoidable ... this according to the lawsuit obtained by TMZ Sports.TMZ Sports broke the story, 78-year-old Jerome Barson, a passenger in the car, died 14 days after the accident. Barson's wife, Linda, who was driving the Hyundai, was severely injured.  According to the suit, the impact was so severe their car was "crushed, the front windshield shattered, the airbags deployed, there was crush damage to the rear on the driver's side, and the back window was shattered."Jerome suffered massive internal bleeding, a fractured spine and massive internal organ damage. He was transported to an ICU unit where he lingered and died June 22. Linda, who survived, suffered a cracked sternum and multiple broken bones.According to the suit, filed by the estate's attorney, Michael Steinger, the Barsons were married for more than 33 years ... and Linda watched her husband die on her 68th birthday.The suit seeks unspecified damages for loss of companionship for both Linda and their family, loss of earnings, pain and suffering, and medical and funeral expenses.Venus' rep claims she was only going 5 MPH and entered the intersection on a green light.
'Big Bang Theory' star Johnny Galecki had nothing but gratitude for the men and women who risked their lives trying in vain to save his ranch.Galecki returned to the site where his ranch once stood in San Luis Obispo to retrieve a memento or 2 that might have been spared.Johnny had love for CalFire ...  "It is the profound risks that you accept and the sacrifices you and your families make that keep us safe."TMZ broke the story ... Galecki's ranch burned to the ground Monday night. It was his getaway place ... about 190 miles north of L.A. Johnny wasn't home when the blaze erupted.#WeSaluteYouAll
Legend respects legend.Christie Brinkley just dropped some SERIOUS praise on Serena Williams -- saying her nude, pregnant Vanity Fair cover is bomb as hell ... and it would be an "honor" to work with her!The modeling icon turned business mogul couldn't stop gushing over the photo -- saying on a scale of 1 to 10, Serena's pic was an 11, "Off the scale! She's over-the-top amazing!"Wouldn't be a terrible idea for these two to hang out -- Brinkley used her modeling cash to fund a real estate empire and reportedly built a fortune around $100 MILLION!#BossFemalesWinning
Keith Ellison thinks President Trump's been abusing people online long enough, and Twitter should have the balls to 86 him.We got the Minnesota Rep. and DNC Deputy Chair on Capitol Hill Thursday ... and he thinks Trump's attack on Mika Brzezinski should be icing on the cake for the social media org. He says Twitter is a private company, Trump's a known, proven bully and therefore he should be booted.Ellison says it's just the latest example of the Prez viciously going after women.
'Big Bang Theory' star Johnny Galecki's burning ranch created a massive cloud of smoke over Santa Margarita, CA -- and destroyed his beloved getaway home.TMZ obtained this photo of the brush fire burning out of control Tuesday. As we first reported ... Johnny's house went up in flames Monday night, and parts of his 300 acres of land were also scorched. No one was hurt.His pad sat about a half mile up the road from the entrance to the ranch in San Luis Obispo County.According to CalFire ... they've reduced the number of firefighters from 1200 to 600 and the fire is roughly 75% contained.
Congresswoman Maxine Waters wants Republicans to finally say it -- ENOUGH IS ENOUGH ... after President Trump verbally brutalized Mika Brzezinski.The L.A. Congresswoman's reaction was predictable and fierce  ... complete and utter disgust after the Prez went after Mika, calling her stupid and crazy, adding she was "bleeding badly from a face-lift."
Jay-Z and Beyonce aren't just buying a ridiculously expensive home in Bel-Air -- although it is $90 mil -- they're also buying a work of art, according to "Property Brothers" star Drew Scott.We got Scott at LAX Thursday and asked him about the brand new mega mansion several real estate sources say the couple's struck a deal to buy.It's reportedly a $15 million home that was flipped, but Drew explained why Jay and Bey's astronomical price tag makes total sense ... in Hollywood, anyway.As we first told you, the mansion has 4 pools, a basketball court and a recording studio -- or as Drew puts it ... cha-ching, cha-ching, cha-ching.


Everyone knows Shaun White can get some serious air, but Steve Aoki proved he's no slouch when it comes to aerial stunts either ... by doing sick jumps into his pool."The Flying Tomato" and the famous DJ took flight off the roof of Aoki's pad in Las Vegas ... into his super deep and baller pool. White's snowboarding/skateboarding skills were on display, but if we were judging ... Steve would get some 10s too.Aoki's homey, MikeTheConnect, captured the footage of the roughly 25 foot leaps at "Aoki's Playhouse" ... and all we can say is -- don't try this at home.
Kendall and Kylie Jenner learned a valuable lesson today -- sometimes it's NOT easier to ask for forgiveness than permission ... because they just apologized for ripping off images of music icons to hawk t-shirts.Kendall and Kylie just waived the white flag saying ... "These designs were not well thought out and we deeply apologize to anyone that has been upset and/or offended, especially to the families of the artists."💜 pic.twitter.com/wfcNyNBgVeIt's pretty incredible. The Jenners slapped images of Notorious B.I.G., Tupac, Ozzy Osbourne, The Doors, Pink Floyd and others ... without ever contacting them or their estates. We say incredible because they themselves have been embroiled in fights where people have tried using their images.We broke the story ... Biggie's estate fired off a cease and desist letter to the Jenners and Biggie's mom accused them of "exploitation."Kendall and Kylie have now scrubbed their site of the entire vintage line.Girls, you haven’t earned the right to put your face with musical icons. Stick to what you know…lip gloss. pic.twitter.com/BhmuUVrDBn
Mika Brzezinski has gone to the dogs -- in a good way -- after Donald Trump viciously attacked her.The MSNBC anchor was out walking her 2 pooches Thursday in NYC ... with a curious letter emblazoned on her sweatshirt.In case you've been under a rock all day ... Trump went on a tantrum Thursday morning, calling Mika stupid and crazy before saying she was "bleeding badly from a face-lift."Mika was back to normal just a few hours later.
Tarek El Moussa's new crib is no flip or flop ... it's a newly constructed home in one of Newport Beach's most sought-after neighborhoods that's costing him $15k a month.Tarek's been renting the 4 bedroom, 2 bath waterfront home on the Balboa Peninsula since October, a few months before he filed for divorce from his "Flip or Flop" co-star and wife, Christina.It's a pretty cool spot steps from the beach with great outdoor space for entertaining and enjoying the ocean breeze ... especially from the rooftop deck. Another bonus -- it's a good 30 miles away from where he and Christina lived.
Ex-NBA star Baron Davis' wife is subbing out of their marriage ... filing for divorce from the former All-Star, TMZ Sports has learned.Davis has been married to Isabella Brewster-Davis -- sister of "Fast And Furious" star, Jordana Brewster -- since January 2014.According to court docs filed in L.A. and obtained by TMZ Sports, Brewster-Davis filed legal docs last week to end the marriage citing irreconcilable differences. The date of separation was not listed.The couple has two young kids together, a 2-year-old and a 1-year-old. Isabella has asked for primary physical custody but joint legal custody.She's seeking an unspecified amount of spousal support. She also wants Baron to cover her legal costs.Fun Fact: Isabella reportedly dated Bradley Cooper before getting hitched to Baron.
Jackie Warner says she's torn up her Ambien prescriptions and gotten off all sleep medications, and she's healthier and safer now because of it.The former Bravo fitness show star tells TMZ her DUI case was a wake-up call that she's used as a motivator to take responsibility in her life. She also gives props to her attorney, Shawn Holley, who helped her strike an amazing plea deal where she dodged jail time.She knows though, after seeing video of herself nearly driving into a cop during her arrest ... she might be dead if her skin color was different.
Corinne Olympios is satisfied with her legal team's investigation into the "Bachelor in Paradise" pool incident with DeMario Jackson.Corinne says, "I felt victimized by the fact that others were judging me through conflicting and unsubstantiated reports, while I myself had no recollection of the events that transpired. My team’s investigation into this matter has now been completed to my satisfaction."As we reported, Corinne hired Marty Singer to represent her. After Warner Bros. announced its investigation revealed no wrongdoing on DeMario's part, Singer said he would continue looking into what happened when Corinne and DeMario had a drunken hookup in the pool.Corinne adds, "My intent over the past few weeks has been to learn and understand what happened on June 4. While I never filed complaints or accusations against anyone associated with Bachelor in Paradise, my team and I felt it was very important to be thorough in getting to the bottom of what had occurred."
The Notorious B.I.G. estate wasted no time threatening Kendall and Kylie Jenner with a lawsuit if they don't put a stop to selling shirts with the legendary rapper's image.The estate's lawyer, Julian K. Petty, fired off a cease and desist letter to the J sisters with a deadline of 5 PM Friday to stop pimping the shirts ... or face a lawsuit.It appears the letter was effective -- hours after Petty sent it ... the Biggie shirt -- along with 2 others featuring Tupac's image -- was no longer available on the website.The estate's adamant it NEVER gave the Jenners permission, and Petty tells us, "This is misappropriation at its finest. I’m curious to hear the justification. I’m even more curious to hear the proposed resolution."As we reported ... Biggie's mom, Voletta Walace, said ripping her son's image to sell t-shirts on the girls' website is "disrespectful and exploitation at its worst."We've reached out to the Jenners, so far no word back.
Conrad Hilton pled not guilty Thursday to violating a restraining order by showing up at his ex-girlfriend's doorstep ... but the bigger news is that he seems to be doing a lot better after getting some serious professional help.We got Conrad and his attorney, Bob Shapiro, leaving court, and Bob says his client has successfully completed his treatment at Menninger hospital. Conrad chimes in and talks about his current state.As we reported ... Conrad paid a late-night visit to E.G. Daily's house last month and got too close to E.G.'s daughter, Hunter. When cops showed up Conrad got homophobic.A judge released Conrad on the condition he undergo treatment at a facility in Houston. Looks like it's mission accomplished.
LL Cool J, Remy Ma, Ice-T, 50 Cent and Fat Joe are only some of the East Coast rappers who showed up to pay their respects Thursday at Prodigy's funeral in NYC.Services for the Mobb Deep rapper took place at the Frank E. Campbell "Funeral Chapel" on the Upper East Side. Questlove and chef Eddie Huang were also there. Louis Farrakhan showed up in a giant SUV procession.We're told Prodigy's rapping partner, Havoc, also attended.Prodigy died last Tuesday after a lifelong battle with sickle cell anemia. Following the ceremony a public service will be held for fans from 2 to 5 PM.
The Notorious B.I.G.'s mom is PISSED Kendall and Kylie Jenner slapped their portraits over her son's image just to peddle t-shirts.Biggie's mom, Voletta Wallace, posted a photo of one of Kendall and Kylie's new "Vintage T-Shirts" which launched on their site Wednesday. Voletta ripped the biz move as "disrespectful and exploitation at its worst" -- and not just against her son.I am not sure who told @kyliejenner and @kendalljenner that they had the right to do this.  The disrespect of these girls to not even reach out to me or anyone connected to the estate baffles me.  I have no idea why they feel they can exploit the deaths of 2pac and my Son Christopher to sell a t-shirt.  This is disrespectful , disgusting, and exploitation at its worst!!!A post shared by Voletta Wallace (@volettawallace) on Jun 29, 2017 at 9:31am PDTVoletta's also pissed about another shirt that features Kendall's face over a Tupac image.Kendall and Kylie were selling at least 3 of these type of shirts with Pac and Biggie ... at $125 a pop.All 3 shirts are no longer available. It's unclear if the gear sold out, or if it's been removed from the site due to the backlash.
1:40 PM PT -- Venus is now breaking her silence  ... calling the incident an "unfortunate accident" and insisting she explain what happened from her point of view."Ms. Williams entered the intersection on a green light," her attorney Malcolm Cunningham said."The police report estimates that Ms. Williams was traveling at 5 mph when Mrs. Barson crashed into her. Authorities did not issue Ms. Williams with any citations or traffic violations.""This is an unfortunate accident and Venus expresses her deepest condolences to the family who lost a loved one."Venus Williams caused a car accident that sent a 78-year-old man to ICU where he died 14 days later ... according to a police report obtained by TMZ Sports.The driver of the other car -- the wife of the victim -- told cops she was approaching an intersection westbound in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida on June 9 when Venus' northbound SUV suddenly darted into the intersection. The other driver says there was no time to stop and she T-boned Venus' vehicle.Venus told cops she was trying to make it through the intersection but there was a traffic backup and she had to slow down to a crawl, with her car exposed in the intersection.The driver's husband, Jerome Barson, suffered head trauma and was taken to a hospital and placed in ICU. He never recovered and died 2 weeks later. Barson's wife was also taken to the hospital with broken bones and other injuries, but survived ... according to her attorney Michael Steinger.Cops say Venus caused the accident. According to the police report, "[Venus] is at fault for violating the right of way of [the other driver]."Police say in the report there was no evidence Venus was under the influence of drugs or alcohol. They also say there's no evidence she was distracted by an electronic device.We reached out to Williams for comment -- so far, no word back.
Dr. Terry Dubrow thinks Donald Trump not only acted un-presidential by calling out Mika Brzezinski for allegedly showing up at Mar-a-Lago on New Year's Eve and bleeding from plastic surgery ... he says it's flat-out body shaming.The "Botched" star makes it clear ... Trump has no evidence Mika had plastic surgery. What's more, he says someone showing up bleeding from the face is dealing with issues other than plastic surgery.On all counts, Dr. Dubrow joins the chorus slamming Trump for his tweets.
Corey Feldman rocked his face off -- or at least part of it -- at a concert in Milwaukee ... and that's the tooth.Corey Feldman & the Angels played a gig at Shank Hall Wednesday night, but during their song, "Something In Your Eyes," about 30 mins into the set ... Corey got a little too wild with the mic and smashed himself in the face -- knocking out a tooth.As first reported by Milwaukee Record ... Feldman stopped the show to inform the crowd of his missing tooth and to look for it, and eventually a female fan found it for him and scored a hug.Corey then went backstage to "fix" his tooth situation while the Angels covered for him, and whatever he did must have worked ... he returned shortly after to finish the show.
Ludacris straight-up stole a cartoon and made a mockery out of it ... so says a website in a new lawsuit.The website LittleThings is suing the rapper for posting its picture on his Instagram to promote his new single, "Vitamin D."In docs, obtained by TMZ, LittleThings says it published an article back in March titled, "Is Boob Sweat Normal? 8 Things Women Should Know About Sweating 'Under There.'" The article included the cartoon showing a woman applying deodorant under her boobs.Two months later, Luda posted the image with the text ... "IT'S THAT TIME OF THE YEAR." LittleThings says its logo is visible in the lower right-hand corner of Luda's IG post ... which included an iTunes link to his new song, "Vitamin D." The post had more than 22k likes before it was deleted.LittleThings is suing for damages and for a cut of any profits made off its pic.We've reached out to Ludacris, so far no word back.
Even Kellyanne Conway has NO defense for President Trump's verbal attack on Mika Brzezinski ... because she tried every possible tactic to avoid the topic.We got Trump's Counselor Thursday morning on Capitol Hill -- just a few hours after his brutal tweets about Mika. We barely got the question out when she launched into every pivot in her arsenal.Her agenda for the day, her "bipartisan hug" with Rep. Debbie Dingell ... and when an elevator couldn't come quickly enough, she tried the ole ... how's the weather tactic.Yeah, "It's a gorgeous day here" ... isn't gonna make this one go away.Case in point, Speaker of the House Paul Ryan took issue with trump's "tone."
Tara Lipinski got that ass ... and where better to show it off than on your honeymoon?!The gold medal ice skating legend is putting her killer physique on display in the Maldives -- where she's chillin' with her brand new sports producer husband, Todd Kapostasy.The couple got married at a fancy ceremony last weekend in South Carolina after dating for 2 years -- then jetted straight for a swanky resort, where their room is literally on the Indian Ocean.Mazel tov!
Mika Brzezinski took plenty of jabs at President Trump Thursday on "Morning Joe" ... and it appears this is what sparked his Twitter attack.Mika and her co-host/fiance, Joe Scarborough, went off on Trump over several topics -- from the healthcare bill to "teensy hands." Shortly thereafter, POTUS fired off his tweets about "low I.Q. Crazy Mika" and "Psycho Joe."The reality is Joe and Mika were just doing their show. It's not like this was their first time being critical of the Donald. Maybe it was just his first time watching, but the news desk banter doesn't seem to justify the President's personal and petty response.
7:08 AM PT -- An MSNBC spokesperson tells TMZ, “It’s a sad day for America when the president spends his time bullying, lying and spewing petty personal attacks instead of doing his job.”If Donald Trump were a doctor this could be a HIPAA violation ... calling out an MSNBC anchor and claiming she was bleeding profusely from a facelift.It's shocking ... the President of the United States fired off the tweet Thursday, saying Mika Brzezinski and fiance/co-anchor Joe Scarborough were at Mar-a-Lago New Year's Eve and he noticed blood and somehow determined it was a reaction from a facelift.More pic.twitter.com/R2j9uIvAU7Trump also called her stupid, claiming she has a low I.Q. and Joe is a "psycho."Mika just fired back -- somewhat obtusely -- with a pic of a box of Cheerios, with the words, "Made For Little Hands" on the box.A spokesman for NBC also tweeted:
The pieces are now in place for Kanye West to go back on tour as soon as early 2018 ... and we're told it's moving in just that direction.Sources familiar with the situation tells us Live Nation -- which produced the 2016 Saint Pablo Tour -- has been in talks with Kanye's team and, as one source puts it, "We're ready to jump as soon as he gives the green light."Various sources tell us Kanye is physically and mentally back ... in fact, better than they've ever seen him. They say he's focused, engaged, and has overcome the issues that landed him in the hospital last year.We're told when Kanye decides to go back on stage, it will not be a replica of last year's tour. Although the floating stage was pretty awesome, we're told Kanye will almost certainly improve on it or replace it, as well as other various effects.We're also told he will update the set list. TMZ broke the story ... Kanye had gone to a Wyoming retreat over the last few months to work on a new album.But ... Kanye is aggressively avoiding artificial deadlines, because it creates stress that leads to bad things. He doesn't have a specific timeline for releasing the album or firing up the tour ... although our tour sources say early next year is the goal.
Lil' Kim has a right to remain silent ... when it comes to talking about the robbery that went down at the L.A. home she intended to rent, and she did -- even at a strip club.The rapper was leaving Crazy Girls early Thursday morning in L.A. where we first buttered her up, and complimented her attire. We then asked point-blank if she's worried about being named a person of interest in the robbery during BET Awards weekend.We'll say this ... Kim and Miranda are good friends.
White Goodman is BACK -- and he wants slam his dodgeballs right into Justin Bieber's pretty little unblemished grill!!!Yes, Ben Stiller's legendary 'Dodgeball' villain is calling out some of the most famous people on the planet -- including LeBron, The Rock and Katy Perry -- to square off in the ultimate Dodgeball game.In fact, Ben reunited just about every member of the original cast (including his estranged wife, Christine Taylor) to help raise money for the Stiller Foundation, which mostly helps rebuild schools in Haiti.Tony Hawk has already rejected White -- instead, joining Vince Vaughn's Average Joes squad when they face off this Fall.Just remember -- dodge, duck, dip, dive and dodge.
When DJ Khaled's son met Justin Bieber ... tears were shed.TMZ has obtained video of Justin getting an audience with Khaled's beloved baby boy, Asahd. The meeting went down while Asahd's pop and JB were shooting their "I'm the One" music video, and let's just say it didn't go too well.Asahd -- who famously never cries or fusses in public -- gave Justin the once-over, and then came the bawling. The Biebs tried his best to soothe the kid ... NOT by singing, "Baby," but that would've been cool.Khaled's spawn always gets his way -- look at him, you can see why -- and even Justin knows it.
Amber Rose and 21 Savage haven't said they're official but it ain't hard to read between the lines.Amber and the rapper broke bread at Catch in WeHo Wednesday night ... the second time they've been seen out in a week.Side note -- Amber just might've made the perfect audition tape with our camera guy for a role in the 'Fast & Furious' films.Strap in, Savage, it's gonna be a wild ride.
Prodigy's funeral should bring together some huge names -- his fellow legends of hip-hop ... especially from the East Coast scene.Sources connected to the service tell us Prodigy's family has invited an A-list of rappers who worked with Mobb Deep or came up at the same time ... including Nas, Lil Kim, Big Daddy Kane, Ice-T, Naughty By Nature﻿, Onyx. Of course, Prodigy's partner, Havoc﻿, will also be there.We're told the private ceremony will go down Thursday at NYC's Frank E. Campbell "Funeral Chapel." A public service for fans to pay final respects will happen there from 2 to 5 PM.TMZ broke the story ... Prodigy died last week in Las Vegas after a lifelong battle with sickle cell anemia.
Rachel Lindsay got rid of all the black suitors on Tuesday's episode of 'The Bachelorette' except one ... but even he doesn't think race had anything to do with it.We spoke with Eric Bigger, who's the last standing African-American contestant vying for Rachel's heart this week -- and he doesn't think love has anything to do with color ... and thinks Rachel sees it the same way.Sounds like a big change of attitude from Monday night's episode, where he pointed out most of Rachel's one-on-one dates were with non-black guys. However, he claims producers twisted his words ... and he really doesn't feel like race is a factor.Check out his rationale on why he thinks Rachel broke down last week over racial pressure. He's got an interesting take.


Kate del Castillo, the Mexican actress who accompanied Sean Penn in the infamous El Chapo interview, is going to the Organization of American States in Washington D.C. Thursday, demanding that they open a human rights investigation into the treatment she got from the Mexican government.Kate will file a complaint with the O.A.S. Inter-American Human Rights Commission, claiming Mexico's Attorney General leaked information about what was supposed to be a secret investigation into claims she laundered money ... something she denies.She says the A.G. was out for personal political gain, and virtually ruined her life last year with nonstop "media persecution."Kate says she's entitled to a presumption of innocence, which was denied by the A.G. in his pursuit of power. She says the leaks triggered a "mass-media lynching."
"WWE Tough Enough 3" winner Matt Cappotelli ﻿says he's undergoing emergency brain surgery on Thursday after doctors found a "very large tumor" in his brain.Cappotelli was diagnosed with a tumor in 2005 -- just a couple years after winning a WWE contract in the reality TV competition. His big break was coming ...  but surgery forced him into retirement at age 27.Everything seemed to be going well ... until the tumor returned."Waiting to be taken for my MRI and get prepared for my second brain surgery tomorrow," Cappotelli said in a statement Wednesday on his wife's Facebook page."Just found out the tumor that I had removed 10 years ago has come back much more aggressively and needs to be dealt with.""It's a very large tumor and there is a portion that is inoperable.""The portion that they're hoping to remove will be sent for pathology, which will determine what exactly we are dealing with and provide insight on future treatment plans and the next steps for the inoperable portion in my brain stem #John9:1-3."Cappotelli was a tough S.O.B. on the reality show -- taking a beating from wrestling legend Bob "Hardcore" Holly ... and still coming back to win the show.We rooted for him then. Rooting harder now.
If you're a rapper starting fights during BET weekend in L.A., then you might as well be rockin' FUBU and JNCO jeans, or just plain have too much time on your hands, at least according to Common.We got Common at LAX Wednesday and asked him about the multiple heated run-ins at the BET Awards. He doesn't blame BET for all the commotion.
Harrison Ford ain't getting around TSA as easily as he does all those sticky situations in 'Star Wars' -- well, all except that last one.We got Harrison at LAX, where he was mum about the new standalone 'Han Solo' movie bringing on Ron Howard to direct.But the gold here is the most famous interstellar smuggler trying to get through an airport security check.Kessel run in 14 parsecs? TSA don't care!
The Baltimore shootout between cops and an armed robbery suspect who boarded a commuter bus was way more fierce than the initial video showed.Prosecutors in Baltimore just released new footage -- a surveillance cam on the bus and an officer's bodycam -- and it shows the suspect pulling out 2 weapons, clearing the bus and opening fire in all directions. The battle went down 3 weeks ago.You also see an officer arriving on scene, mounting up with a shotgun and returning fire.
Karrueche Tran's not getting involved in the Chris Brown-Migos drama ... even if she's at the center.Karrueche was flying out of LAX Wednesday when we asked about Chris and Migos squaring off during a BET Awards after-party.Chris is undeniably pissed Quavo's hooking up with his ex, despite Offset saying the brawl had nothing to do with her.Watch Karrueche dodge the questions ... but the expressions and body language are interesting.Karrueche's got her own issues with Chris ... which she handled with a restraining order.
Arnold Schwarzenegger's son has his priorities straight ... hit the gym before ya talk Hollywood!Joseph Baena was out Wednesday in Malibu -- near his Pepperdine campus -- when our photog wanted to know if he'd follow in his father's footsteps. Our guy even tossed up a softball: if he could reboot one of his dad's old movies, which one would it be?Gotta hand it to Joseph ... for not only entertaining the question but also sticking to what's working for him -- pumping iron like his pops.Joseph also gets in plenty of cardio with his bros ... Pepperdine style, of course.
"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" might have a place on Billboard's hip-hop chart if rapper KYLE ever decides to turn it into a banger.We got KYLE at LAX and asked him what childhood nursery rhyme has a shot at following his debut single, "iSpy", to the top of the charts. He'd know since his track plays off the childhood game.KYLE says he doesn't mind crossing over into the kids' music market because there's potential to score even bigger paydays ... as long as a certain rodent comes calling.
Even President Donald Trump wants to know what's going on with LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers ... so, he went right to the owner and asked him.Dan Gilbert happened to be at the White House Wednesday -- along with the Chicago Cubs (who are in town to play the Nationals) and Trump brought them all together for a high level introduction.While introducing Gilbert to guys like Joe Maddon, Kris Bryant, Jon Lester and others ... he turned to Gilbert and asked how he's doing with LeBron James.It appeared Gilbert responded, "Good, yeah."Interesting situation for two reasons -- First, Bron isn't a Trump fan. Second, there's talk LeBron could leave Cleveland after next season.Gilbert didn't drop any bombshells ... it was just interesting watching him handle that situation.
Rihanna's new beau is certainly up for a new challenge -- whether it's landing a smoking hot chick or lining up hundreds of cars to smash world records.Hassan Jameel -- the guy RiRi was sucking face with in Spain -- accepted a challenge from Guinness back in 2013 to break the world record for the largest Toyota car parade. Makes sense -- Hassan's the heir to Saudi Arabia's largest Toyota distributor.But we did a little digging and a rep at Guinness tells TMZ no application's been submitted from Saudi Arabia Toyota since Hassan accepted the challenge. Colombia and South Africa, however, did apply.The current record holder is Toyota Cyprus ... which paraded 742 whips back in 2015. If you're wondering what the hell a Toyota car parade is ... think your local highway at rush hour, with ONLY Toyotas.
It looks like there's a super secret real estate deal that's going down in Bel-Air, and the buzz is that Beyonce and Jay-Z are the buyers.It's all over the real estate community in the area ... the house is not on the market, but it has been quietly shopped for $130 MILLION. It's 30,000 square feet on 1.86 acres, 8 bedrooms, 11 bathrooms, 4 pools, a basketball court, recording studio, spa and paddle tennis court. It's also fully furnished.Multiple real estate sources claim the house is currently in escrow, but the amount is a mystery. Two sources claim Beyonce and Jay-Z are paying $120 million ... way over their $80 million budget, but most other sources say they're ONLY paying around $90 million.Get this ... the people who are selling the estate bought it in 2013 for $15 million. They tore the house down and the last 4 years has been almost nonstop construction.TMZ has reported Beyonce and Jay have been frustrated, looking at every available property in their price range for 2 years, without success. They didn't want anything more than $80 mil. Based on what we're hearing now, it seems they made this secret deal and stretched their budget.We're told the Bel-Air estate is "spectacular."
Jackie Warner, who starred in a Bravo fitness show, struck an amazing plea bargain which amounts to a slap on the wrist compared to the punishment she could have received for driving drunk and attacking a cop.Jackie's lawyer, Shawn Holley, was in court Wednesday morning and got all the charges dismissed -- 2 counts of DUI, one count of assault with a deadly weapon and one count of hit and run.TMZ broke the story ... Jackie was arrested back in February for DUI, but not before she hit a telephone pole, fled the scene, was apprehended by cops and then backed into a police car which forced a cop to jump out of harm's way.Jackie says she was essentially sleep driving ... the result of an Ambien she took a few hours before when she was at home. To prove she was not conscious, Holley notes Jackie was not wearing pants and would not have left her home in that state.Jackie initially insisted she only had one drink earlier in the day during a luncheon, but her blood alcohol level was .11 ... over the legal limit. We've learned when she was released, she went home and found empty beer cans in the fridge ... again, she says she has no recollection of chugging them.Holley's best argument may involve ice cream. Before getting arrested Jackie had walked into a 7-Eleven without pants and bought an ice cream sandwich ... something most people would never do in their right mind.Jackie pled no contest to a new charge ... commonly known as "wet reckless" ... a much lesser offense than DUI. She'll be on informal probation for 2 years, attend a 12 hour alcohol ed course and pay a fine.Good work, Holley.
Gary DeCarlo, the lead singer of Steam, has died after battling cancer ... TMZ has confirmed.Gary and Steam are, of course, best known for their number one hit, "Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye." The song topped the charts in 1969, but went on to become one of the most ubiquitous tracks of all time.Gary's close friend, Pat Horgan, tells us the singer died in hospice care in Connecticut. He had lung cancer, which spread all over his body. Horgan says Gary's wife was by his side when he passed.As for his huge hit -- y'know you hear it ALL the time. It's the standard sing-along at sporting events when one team loses, and it's been featured in tons of movies -- most notably, "Remember the Titans."Most recently, the song was even sung in Congress .... after the House passed the Obamacare repeal bill.Democrats chant "na na na na hey hey goodbye" as the House passes the Obamacare repeal bill https://t.co/6KitWdxyRi pic.twitter.com/7p5zfs13F2Gary was 75. RIP.Now everybody sing along ...
The cast of "Bachelor in Paradise" now has a VERY close relationship with the crew under the show's new rules. The question is, business as usual, or the new normal?Contestants were hanging poolside at the Mexican resort where 'BiP' resumed filming after the DeMario Jackson/Corinne Olympios sex scandal. It's plain as day .. cameramen and producers are hovering like flies over their stars.We broke the stories ... 'BiP' showrunners have implemented strict new rules for the cast, including a 2 drink maximum per hour, a sweep for illegal drugs ... and having to get permission from producers before hooking up.
Lamar Odom says he really misses his former BFF, Rob Kardashian -- and thinks he's being punished because "maybe I hurt his sister too much."The ex-NBA star appeared on "The Wendy Williams Show" and opened up about how Rob hasn't spoken to Lamar in a while ... with Odom saying, "I haven't met his child yet."Lamar and Rob were super tight back in the day -- especially when Rob lived with Khloe and Lamar for a 2-year span. Lamar considered Rob his "brother."You can see Odom is emotional about the situation -- but admits, "If she was my [sister], I'd have a problem with me too."As we previously reported, Khloe tried to save her marriage to Lamar -- but he was too consumed by his drug addiction. Lamar has since apologized and said the drugs made him forget who he was.Odom has been through rehab and says he's clean, sober and back to the old Lamar.Khloe, of course, has moved on ... she's now with NBA star Tristan Thompson.And there was also this bizarre exchange about the brothel that almost killed Lamar. He does NOT remember things the way cops and doctors do.
MTV's "Ridiculousness" star Sterling "Steelo" Brim is mourning the loss of his 3-year-old nephew who drowned in his swimming pool ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... the boy wandered into the North Hollywood backyard Friday morning when adults weren't looking and fell in the pool. It's unclear how long the boy was in the pool before he was discovered.We're told paramedics rushed to the house and the child was taken to a nearby hospital. He was pronounced dead just after noon the same day.We're told the boy's family was visiting Steelo from Chicago.The death's been ruled an accidental drowning.
If the sight of Brody Jenner hanging from a tree shocks the hell out of you ... that's exactly what Irv Gotti intended.The brutal imagery -- with D'Angelo's 'How Does It Feel' playing over it -- was the closing scene of the Murder Inc. honcho's Tuesday night premiere of "Tales." The movie's theme was based on N.W.A.'s "F**k tha Police" lyrics, but producers flipped the races -- the brutal cops and rich people were black, and white people were the minorities living in the projects.Gotti thanked Brody for being "totally down" to spread the word -- "The message I was trying to get across. Which by the way. Is a message that what's wrong is wrong."He added, "So maybe seeing it done to White People. In this FICTIONALIZE piece. And seeing these things done to them. Maybe people will have a lil more compassion when 12 year old Tamir Rice gets gunned down. Or Philando Castillo gets killed for nothing."Irv talked to us on "TMZ Live" about his goal with the show.
Smoking hot chicks in bikinis? Check. Vacationing on a baller yacht in Spain? Yup -- and David Guetta's happy ass is enjoying it all.The EDM superstar DJ grinned ear-to-ear as his drop-dead gorgeous gf, Jessica Ledon, hung all over him during their vacay on the Spanish island of Formentera. Butts weren't the only things popping ... Jessica's sporting some shiny bling on her ring finger.Unclear if Guetta locked it down, but Jessica looks extremely happy.
Ryan Seacrest met face-to-face in secret with ABC execs this week to hash out their remaining differences, and sources familiar with the situation tell us  he's close to becoming the host of the reboot.As we first reported, Seacrest had agreed to a salary between $10 and $15 mil, but the hangup was that he wanted an Executive Producer credit but "A.I." execs said no.  We're told they still haven't fully resolved the conflict, but that should happen.  We're hearing the resistance is that Katy Perry wanted the title but couldn't get it, and the network didn't want to ruffle feathers.TMZ also broke the story 'A.I.' wanted Lionel Richie to join the judges panel, and our sources say it looks like the deal will be made and he'll get somewhere between $3 and $5 million.Our sources say 'A.I.' producers and ABC want Nikki Sixx from Motley Crue as the third judge and he will get less than Richie.TMZ broke the story, 'A.I.' signed Katy Perry for a whopping $25 mil.
File this under ... in yo' face, Brazil!! But ya gotta say it in Mandarin.Yes, China -- communist China -- has its own take on butt competitions. Theirs is called the Women's Beautiful Buttocks contest, and it went down recently in a Shenyang mall.Of course, Brazil is famous for its annual Miss Bumbum competition -- so some might call the Shenyang showdown a Chinese knockoff. If you don't look too closely ... good replica, right?If size matters though, y'know where to go ...
John Legend and Chrissy Teigen were kind of Ricky and Lucy Tuesday night, when she got in the act and then jacked his performance with the help of a nip slip.John was smooth as silk Tuesday night while singing "Slow Dance." That's when he brought Chrissy up for some slow dancing. It all looked fantastic ... and then the boob -- let's get real, even more fantastic!Chrissy owned it, and the show went on.#RelationshipGoals
Sorry, President Obama ... but Daddy's little girl ain't so little anymore, and might even be dunking on him pretty soon, based on these shots from the family vacay to Indonesia.The Obamas visited a Buddhist temple Wednesday in Central Java, just west of Bali, and the proof is in the pics ... Malia's a growing young lady! She's now less than a couple inches shy of 44's 6'1" height.Michelle's 5'11" ... so the genes are strong with this one.Too bad she doesn't hoop. Malia might mess around and get a triple-double!
Justin Trudeau knows what he's got ... clearly.The Canadian P.M. posed for the cover of Delta Airlines Sky Mag ... the July issue.The shot is perfectly framed ... making his crotch the centerpiece. It's a little Sharon Stone "Basic Instinct," a little Michelle Pfeiffer "Dangerous Minds."By the way ... crotch aside, nice sox.With Obama out of office, Trudeau has a clear path to the hottest leader in the world. There are really no challengers.
Michael Bond -- the creator of the cuddly Paddington Bear that sparked a series of famous children's books -- has died.Bond's publisher HarperCollins announced the author died Tuesday in his home following a short illness. Bond's first book in 1958 -- "A Bear Called Paddington" -- sparked a hugely popular series of children's books, an animated TV series and, ultimately, the successful 2014 flick.The books alone were a worldwide phenomenon ... selling more than 35 million copies. There's a sequel slated to be released later this year.The marmalade-loving, friendly bear who traveled from the "deepest, darkest Peru" to London came about when Bond spotted a lonely teddy bear sitting on a shelf in a shop back in 1956. He called it Paddington because he was living near a station with the same name.Bond was 91.
DeMario Jackson doesn't need the 'Bachelor' franchise to help him wrangle hot chicks ... dude's leaving the club with car loads of them post his and Corinne's "Bachelor in Paradise" mess.Corinne didn't get an invite back to the show, which is back in production, but DeMario has said he's done with it forever.
Safaree Samuels couldn't care less about Nicki Minaj, Meek Mill, Nas or anyone else even arguably connected to Friday's ambush that sent him running ... at least that's what he wants us to think.We got Safaree outside Catch Tuesday night and he became a master of obfuscation ... using the paparazzi that peppered him with questions as an avoidance foil.Catch is where people go to be seen and Safaree seemed to be lovin' the attention. He even took a page out of DJ Khaled's playbook.
Gal Gadot's not sweating her relatively paltry paycheck for her monster-successful "Wonder Woman" flick.We got Wonder Woman -- sans costume, shield, sword and Lasso of Truth -- with her hubby out in Bev Hills Tuesday. She seems content with the way everything played out ... at least on the surface.As we reported, we're told she snagged a $300k base salary for the movie, which has grossed $600,000,000 and counting.We broke the story ... Gadot's reps will absolutely go in to renegotiate her deal for new "WW" installments. We're told this will be a major renegotiation.Let's put it this way ... she shouldn't worry about buying stuff on Rodeo Drive.
Kris Jenner is down with Khloe Kardashian's BF in a big way.Kris was leaving Craig's in WeHo Tuesday night when our photog asked if she would welcome Tristan Thompson to the family, and she made her feelings clear.Khloe and Tristan joined Kris Sunday night for Khloe's 33rd birthday party, and from all accounts Khloe and Tristan are on the road to sealing the deal.BTW ... check out the video from Sunday night ... yet another dinner at Craig's. Kris is 61. Good job!
Justin Bieber's discarded shoe could land a lucky fan a few thousand bucks ... and there's still another one out there.Biebs took the Yeezys off his feet and hurled 'em into the crowd during a Sunday night concert in Germany. The lucky dog who nabbed the right sneaker already has it up on eBay ... for a starting bid of 5,000 euros (about $5,670 in U.S. dollars).The seller claims it's the original, and there are more pics to prove it, if needed. The description also says part of the sale will be donated ... but it's unclear to what.Bieber's left shoe is also online, but not for profit -- @theleftyeezy has more than 5,000 followers on Instagram. And if you're curious about JB's shoe size, here it is ... allegedly.For everybody who thought size matters. Yeezy of @justinbieber. #belieber #sneaker #sneakerhead #yeezy #wirelessfestival #sneakerness #theleftyeezy #music #bieber #bieberlove #bieberfever #sneakercollectorA post shared by The Left Yeezy & I (@theleftyeezy) on Jun 27, 2017 at 5:57am PDT
One of Tupac's hits from the 90's features a singer who says she never got paid for her vocals, so she's suing ... even though it appears 20 years too late to collect.Natasha Walker -- who was in the R&B group Y?N-Vee -- sang backups on "Bury Me a G" and even has a credit on the track. But in docs, obtained by TMZ, she says she and Pac made a deal in '93 that the song would be a joint effort and she'd have equal ownership.Natasha says she's never seen a dime from the song's release ... hence her lawsuit. One potential problem for her: It's 2017 and the statute of limitations for contract claims in California is just 4 years.Walker's attorney, Jennifer Harris, tells us because the song continues to make money and will for the foreseeable future ... her client has every right to come-a-knockin' now. She wants all royalties, back and current, plus damages and attorney's fees.We've reached out to Tupac's estate ... so far, no word back.


"Big Bang Theory" star Johnny Galecki's ranch burned to the ground Monday night in a huge fire in San Luis Obispo ... TMZ has learned.It's Johnny's getaway place ... 190 miles from L.A. The ranch was torched along with other property in the 1,200 acre fire, that's now 40% contained. We're told the area is secure and no one can enter for now ... the road is closed.Our sources say Johnny hasn't seen the property since it burned down, and plans to show up when he gets the all clear ... so he can salvage anything that was spared.Johnny tells TMZ, "My heart goes out to all in the area who are also experiencing loss from this vicious fire, the threat of which we live with constantly, which may seem crazy to some but we do so because living in our beautiful, rural area makes it worthwhile."Johnny goes on ... "It's never the structures that create a community -- it's the people. And if the people of Santa Margarita have taught me anything it's that, once the smoke has cleared, literally and figuratively, it's a time to reach out and rebuild."
Chris Brown just ain't on the same level as Migos ... at least according to Offset, who says he's not sweating the fight they got into with Chris after the BET Awards.We got Offset Tuesday on Rodeo and asked him what really set off the melee. There's obvious speculation it was about Quavo dating Breezy's ex, Karrueche Tran. Offset didn't exactly deny that when he blamed it on a "whole lotta paper, whole lotta haters, man."But you gotta see what happened when we asked if he's got a message for Chris.He also had an awesome reaction to the other BET weekend fight -- Meek Mill and Safaree. #LMFAO
"Bachelor in Paradise" contestants who want to have sex must wait a beat and get permission from producers ... TMZ has learned.Sources at the Mexican resort where the show is being filmed tell TMZ there are new rules in place regarding sex ... especially in "The Boom Boom Room" -- where most indoor sex goes down.We're told before anyone can get it on, both parties must go to a producer and state that they consent. If the producer feels either party is incapable of giving consent, the producer can pull the plug.We're told when contestants arrived over the weekend, they sat through a 2-hour meeting with lawyers and others who ran through all the rules.And get this ... if contestants violate the rule and go right into "The Boom Boom Room," producers can barge in and stop things mid-coitus.TMZ broke the story ... Warner Bros. implemented new rules as part of the show's reboot, including handing over all drugs -- legal or not -- and a 2-drink maximum per hour.
Bill Cosby just lashed out in the most bizarre way, saying reports that he's conducting town hall meetings on sexual assault are just "propaganda" ... despite the fact his P.R. people announced the meetings.Cosby just said, "The current propaganda that I am going to conduct a sexual assault tour is false any further information about public plans will be given at the appropriate time."Here's the problem ... Cosby's spokespeople, Andrew Wyatt and Ebonee Benson came on "TMZ Live" Thursday and said the town halls would absolutely take place. We even questioned them about statements Cosby might make that could be used against him in his sexual assault retrial, and they said Cosby's lawyers didn't have a problem with it -- that they would coach him on what to say and not say.Wyatt and Benson made similar comments the day before on "Good Day Alabama."
Nothing funny about this ... Ron White's wife is tapping out of their marriage, and it looks like the length of their union will be a major point of contention.Margo Rey filed divorce docs last week in Los Angeles ... saying they've been separated since May 8. They got married in October 2013 ... and have no children.Now, here's what's interesting -- in the docs Margo says she and Ron had a common law marriage in Texas since 2008 ... long before they officially tied the knot. In Texas, a couple can be considered married in the eyes of the law if they live together as husband and wife and hold themselves out in public as a married couple.Margo says she wants Ron to pay spousal support. It's likely she raised the common law issue so the marriage would pre-date 2013 by 5 years, thus entitling her to more spousal support.
Sarah Huckabee Sanders went on the attack over "fake news" -- citing the CNN debacle -- then got raked over the coals by a White House reporter.The Deputy White House Press Secretary chastised CNN over its retracted story ... which connected a Trump aide to a Russian investment fund. She started attacking the media in general too, and that's when The Sentinel reporter Brian Karem went off.So, when we are wrong we correct ourselves but when has POTUS ever done that? We are not FAKE news.
Bernie Madoff's family is not done paying back the money he scammed from thousands of investors.The estates of Bernie's late sons -- Mark and Andrew -- have agreed to forfeit $23 million in money they acquired through years of their dad's infamous Ponzi scheme. It's part of a deal struck with Irving Picard, who's responsible for recovering cash for Madoff's victims.Both sons died years ago -- Mark of a suicide in 2010, and Andrew of cancer in 2014. Neither was ever charged in connection to their father's crimes. After the payback, their estates will still reportedly be worth $1.75 mil for Mark, and $2 mil for Andrew.
Nicki Minaj couldn't care less about her 2 exes' drama over BET weekend ... 'cause she's got a new hip-hop king to occupy her mind.Sources close to Nicki tell TMZ she hasn't batted an eyelash over news Meek Mill might have ordered his goons to jump her other ex, Safaree. And the reason is simple ... Nas.We're told Nicki doesn't feel anything about the fight, mostly 'cause it's not her problem ... and both of those dudes are in her rearview. More importantly ... she's happily moving on with her new man, Mr. Jones ... although it's still in the early stages.Only KINGS recognize QUEENS. @sweetchicklife has the best food 👅 congrats @nas 😜A post shared by Nicki Minaj (@nickiminaj) on May 9, 2017 at 10:53pm PDTAs we reported ... Safaree challenged Meek to a 1-on-1 fight after he claimed Meek orchestrated the attack on him. Meek denies that.Either way, the bottom line here ... Nicki's over both Meek and Safaree, and their beef is theirs alone.Somewhere, she and Nas are playing the Counting Crows -- looking deep into each other's eyes.
Piers Morgan's not bashing CNN for going after huge ratings with stories about President Trump and Russia, but thinks their Prez-bashing is dangerous journalism ... and led to embarrassment.Piers, Editor-at-Large of Dailymail.com, tells TMZ he's not surprised CNN is now in trouble over an undercover vid coming out suggesting its Trump/Russia coverage is BS ... because they've been pushing the narrative too hard for too long.
Hide your kitty litter, Deadpool is BACK ... and this time, he's invading a kid's birthday party!The big, red killing machine suited up to film "Deadpool 2" out in Vancouver -- where Ryan Reynolds jumped right back into action as everyone's favorite Merc with a Mouth.Fun Fact: In one of the shots, Deadsy's wearing a vintage Crazy Horse shirt ... 'cause he's a degenerate who loves naked women.Meanwhile, over in Atlanta ... Dr. Strange and Tony Stark hooked up on the set of "Avengers: Infinity War﻿" ... where they were joined by Bruce Banner (Hulk, for the glib).Robert Downey Jr., Benedict Cumberbatch (with his Cloak of Levitation) and Mark Ruffalo are all playing their trademark characters in their war for Thanos' intergalactic space jewelry.Both flicks don't come out until next year. So, hopefully these pics will scratch the itch for ya until then.
Kim Kardashian kissed up to Kanye West ... but only because he was standing on a curb.Kimye went all PDA Monday night while leaving a friend's pad in Los Angeles. Looking stylish, as usual, they decided to give each other a quick peck in front of the cameras.They've slowly started hanging out in public again over the last month -- doing a bunch of fun stuff like family outings and birthday shindigs. They also did Disneyland.
This video clip is swirling around ... showing a CNN supervising producer saying the network's coverage of the Russia/Trump investigation is "mostly bulls***" but it's being covered to death for ratings.John Bonifield, CNN's supervising producer of the network's health unit, is caught on undercover video saying the network is getting great ratings from trying to tie the Trump Administration to the Russian interference in the election.Bonifield says CNN doesn't have the goods, but it's nonstop coverage is all about attracting viewers.The video was produced by James O'Keefe, the founder of Project Veritas, a super conservative blog.
George Lucas will begrudgingly sign autographs for those shoving posters and pictures in his face -- but don't push it ... 'cause he'll tell you to get a J-O-B.We got George in Bev Hills, where he talked about Ron Howard taking over directing for the new Han Solo movie, as well as the L.A. City Council voting on his proposed $1.5 billion museum ... all while dealing with pushy "fans" looking for his John Hancock.
"Bachelor in Paradise" producers aren't taking any chances of drunken, nonconsensual sex ... because they've imposed new drinking rules on the cast.Production sources tell us there is now a 2 drink max per hour. We're told the crew is monitoring drinking levels among the cast and the bartenders are also responsible for keeping tabs.Producers have also made a point of providing food at all times during the shoots ... presumably to absorb the alcohol.We're told the cast got a talkin' to over the whole Corinne/DeMario situation, both on and off camera, and drinking was a big talking point.
Jay-Z, Beyonce and their 3 kids are living large huge in Malibu this summer, but the clock is ticking for them and come fall they will scramble again for a place to live.Real estate sources tell TMZ the $400,000-a-month Malibu estate they're renting is just for the summer. We're told they have no intention of living there past August because Blue Ivy is enrolled in an exclusive school in the heart of L.A. and the drive is way too far.Before moving to the Malibu mansion, Bey, Jay and Blue Ivy were living in a luxurious hotel as they hunted in vain for a place of their own.Our real estate sources say the Carters have been frustrated because their search -- which has gone on for several years -- has hit a stumbling block, and the stumbling block is cash.We're told their budget is around $75 million, give or take a few mil. It sounds nuts, but they can't find a place they love for the amount they're willing to spend. As one well-connected source puts it, "They want a super baller, crazy estate, and the ones they love are going for $150 mil."Our sources say the Carters have seen just about everything that's on the market and nothing in their price range is floating their boat.Yes, it's just nuts.
Game. Set. Match.Serena Williams wins again -- in a big way -- stripping down to her pregnant birthday suit for the cover of Vanity Fair ... and she SLAYYYYYYED.In the issue, the tennis superstar also details how she found out she was pregnant on the set of a lingerie shoot (she took 6 pregnancy tests!) and how she fell in love with her fiance, Alexis Ohanian.Also, Serena revealed she knew she was pregnant when she decided to compete in the Australian Open back in January ... a tournament she dominated and won!In fact, Serena says she expects to return to pro tennis as soon as January.Until then ... that cover. Damn.
Miranda Kerr just forked over millions of dollars worth of jewelry to the U.S. government because someone may have bought them for her with stolen overseas money.Miranda surrendered $8.1 million in jewels to the U.S. Justice Department Friday from her safe-deposit box in L.A. The jewels were given to her by a Malaysian financier ... allegedly with ill-gotten money.International lawsuits have been filed alleging the cash was illegally taken from a Malaysian sovereign-wealth fund, and that some of the money was used to buy gifts for various celebs ... including Miranda and Leonardo DiCaprio.Leo just handed over some of his prized possessions -- including an Oscar won by Marlon Brando that was gifted to him. He surrendered the goods a couple weeks ago, the result of the same probe.Neither celeb was named as a defendant in the lawsuits.
Rick Ross is almost unrecognizable ... save for his trademark beard and tats.Da Boss was looking like a man in charge Monday at LAX as he flaunted a seriously slimmer physique. He was flanked by his entourage as he headed to security.The rapper, who has reportedly lost around 100 pounds, credits CrossFit for his transformation. And in true Rozay fashion ... he dubbed the popular regimen as RossFit.
This is weird and fun ...Taylor Swift just made a congratulations video for newly crowned NBA MVP Russell Westbrook joking with the guy like they've been buddies for years -- even though they've never met.The Oklahoma City Thunder star got the award Monday night -- and hours later, Taylor released the video saying, "Russell, it’s Taylor. Remember? I was the one who taught you how to play basketball?"She jokes that she taught him everything he knows about basketball ... he gave her the idea for "Shake It Off" ... and that they go back 20 years.She then admits they've actually never hung out together once.Kinda funny. Kinda weird. Kinda sweet.What's interesting ... Taylor really hasn't done any public interviews or appearances since February -- so this is sorta like her reintroduction to the spotlight. Who'da thunk she woulda used the NBA as a way in?
The Obama women were out in full force Monday in Bali ... sarong-in' it up.The ladies, along with Barack, took a tour of the Tirta Empul Temple during their latest stop on what seems to be a global vacay. Previous stops include various cities in Italy, Virgin Islands, Tahiti, Scotland, and Palm Springs ... if that counts.Life doesn't get much better. Barack and Michelle are scoring $60 mil for their memoirs, his popularity has soared since leaving office, and the fam is tight.
Meek Mill fired a warning shot but Safaree Samuels didn't care ... and that's why he got his ass kicked.We're told Meek's crew delivered the message days before the BET Awards weekend kicked off in L.A. The message was simple -- stay yo ass away or else. Our Safaree sources tell us he didn't flinch when he heard the threat and wasn't gonna be a punk and hide out.TMZ broke the story ... Meek's crew jumped and attacked ﻿Safaree Friday. Nicki Minaj's 2 exes had shown up almost around the same time to DJ Khaled's pre-BET party at Penthouse in WeHo when it went down.We're told the beef at this point is way beyond Nicki ... it's gotten personal following the exchange of verbal jabs for more than a year. Meek has denied he was involved in the latest showdown.But a boiling point's clearly been reached -- cause Safaree's now challenged Meek to a fight.Stay tuned ...
LaVar Ball got really into his appearance at WWE Raw ... seeing how he took off his shirt and flexed for all of America Monday night.LaVar was facing off against The Miz in the ring, and as soon as the wrestler mentioned he was the Michael Jordan of WWE ... LaVar was up and shouting. Nothing like a little MJ talk to get the Mr. Ball rolling.At first, he tries to get his son, LaMelo﻿, to handle the situation -- but Miz gets right in his face for some classic trash talk. Then Miz loses his shirt ... and LaVar does the same.
Make no mistake about it, Oscar De La Hoya is still pissed Dana White scheduled his superfight 3 weeks before Canelo vs. GGG ... but he's just taken the first step in repairing their friendship.Long story short ... De La Hoya says White broke a very serious unwritten rule between fight promoters -- a rule everyone from Don King to Bob Arum hold sacred.But despite their feud over the McGregor vs. Mayweather fight -- De La Hoya tells TMZ Sports he still "loves" Dana and even made a pretty solid peace offering.No word if Dana will accept ... he's still pretty pissed too.
The original Black Ranger from "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" can't believe someone made his TV weapon into a real-life killing instrument ... and now he wants his own.We got Walter Jones Monday at LAX, where our photog asked what he thought about the show "Man at Arms" ... recreating his character's Power Axe (which doubled for a gun on TV).Walter's all about it, but not completely surprised it got done. It is 2017, after all -- the tech these days is pretty wild. As he puts it ... making an axe-blaster is high on the doable list.We also ask what his weapon of choice would be in a real battle ... let's just say Walt's old school.


Rachel Lindsay is putting herself out there for love on "The Bachelorette" -- literally, she's hanging 187 feet in the air for it ... where make out sessions are NOT off limits.Rachel went rappelling off a super high structure in Oslo, Norway with suave contestant Bryan Abasolo during Monday night's episode -- and on the way down, they took a break to suck a little face ... very, very loudly.
Leslie Jones ain't putting on the Ritz -- she's pissed about the service she got at L.A.'s Ritz-Carlton, and fired back at the hotel the same way Kanye West did George Dubya.Fresh off hosting the BET Awards in downtown L.A. -- right next to the Ritz -- Leslie implored her 693,000 followers to NOT stay there, claiming "THEY DONT LIKE BLACK PEOPLE!!"Wow was such a great night at the BET awards. But then had THE WORST STAY @RitzCarlton DO NOT STAY THERE!! THEY DONT LIKE BLACK PEOPLE!!Unclear what exactly happened to set her off, but the Ritz responded to Leslie's tweet with ... "@Lesdoggg We're sorry to hear this. We pride ourselves on providing excellent service to all. Please DM us & we'll look into this right away."
When Migos and Chris Brown's crews went HAM at a BET Awards after-party, everyone in the vicinity of the violence got drawn into the melee ... and that includes DJ Khaled and Future.We just obtained this video of the brawl which started inside the party. Witnesses say someone in Chris' crew threw the first punch at someone in Migos' entourage. You can see, it immediately heated up after that.Friends held back Chris, and the scrum eventually spilled into Future and Khaled ... whose fiancée and son, Asahd, were standing nearby -- you can hear her scream.As we showed you, the whole fight ended up spilling into a parking lot ... where ultimately everyone parted ways. Chris never threw a punch and was not arrested.
A nuclear power plant in the Czech Republic made its intern search look more like Miss Hawaiian Tropic ... and as you'd probably guess someone's in really hot water. Not radioactive though. We hope.The Temelin Station posted photos of 10 high school graduates who were vying for a 2 week internship at the plant. The Facebook post said the candidate who got the most likes would be crowned "Miss Energy 2017."The online reaction was, well ... nuclear.The plant -- which is the largest in the Czech Republic -- apologized after 2 days of competition and announced all 10 young women would get internships. It insisted the original intent was to "promote technical education."
The BET Awards made special plans to accommodate Karrueche Tran's restraining order against Chris Brown ... even though he was scheduled to perform and she was a presenter.Production sources tell TMZ ... Karrueche was given a heads-up by BET producers that Chris would be performing Sunday night. When he took the stage, producers moved her to a holding room to ensure Chris never got within 100 yards of Karrueche, as the court order requires.We're told she did not watch Chris's performance while in the holding room. Also, Chris never sat in the audience -- he was only backstage, and he and Karrueche never crossed paths.We're told BET invited her almost 2 months ago to present an award, and she agreed so she could promote her show, "Claws." Remember, she was smack in the middle of her case against Chris at that time ... which included allegations he'd made violent threats.It seemed odd she chose to be at the same event as him, but it's now clear BET went out of its way to address any concerns Karrueche might have -- and to ensure Chris didn't violate the protective order.Of course, none of that prevented her new bf Quavo, and his Migos crew, from squaring off with Chris at an after-party.
Ice Cube's BIG3 league kicked off this weekend with its first games ... and with them came a gaggle of big-time A-listers to watch.Cube held his first games Sunday in front of 15k fans at the Barclays Center in NYC, and besides the stars on the court, there were a ton of others in the stands. They included Whoopi Goldberg, LL Cool J, James Harden, Jalen Rose, Lou Williams, Paul Pierce, D'Angelo Russell, Naturi Naughton, Fabolous, Michael Rapaport and others -- most of whom got some shots in with Cube ... photos, that is.The BIG3 league rolls on through the summer, and is scheduled to conclude with a championship game at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas. Unless Floyd and Conor have something to say about it.
Soulja Boy is second rate compared to Chris Brown ... at least to BET, which chose Chris over Soulja for Saturday's Celebrity Basketball Game.Sources close to Soulja tell us a BET rep reached out to his manager, Miami Mike, Friday ... one day before the sold-out event, and asked him not to come because of security concerns. Everyone knows Chris and Soulja don't like each other ... there have been multiple violent threats between them.Still, Soulja was scheduled to appear, and his face was even on promo posters.We're told Soulja's camp tried to reassure BET there'd be no problems, but execs didn't buy it ... and cut him from the game. Chris not only showed as scheduled, but earned co-MVP honors.Soulja, on the other hand, had to settle for BET compensating him for travel expenses.
Khloe Kardashian and Tristan Thompson are calling themselves "Dad + Mom" -- but DON'T FREAK OUT ... they're not preggo!!!The reality star posted some pics from her surprise 33rd bday party from over the weekend -- including an image of her and TT kissing with the caption, "Dad + Mom."Khloe has recently talked about having kids with Tristan on "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" -- saying, "He wants to have about five or six kids with me and that’s lovely. We could start at one and we could grow from there."
Future and his daughter weren't about to take their masks off at the BET Awards 'cause they cost a damn fortune to make.You might have noticed Future and his little girl, Londyn, rocking Bane-like masks Sunday on the red carpet, and even during the rapper's performance at the show. Well, the hardware didn't come cheap ... try about $9,000 for 3 of 'em.Sources with direct knowledge tell us Future's camp hired designers Marianna Harutunian and Xtina Milani to create 3 unique masks for Future and Londyn.We're told Future dropped between $2,500 to $3,000 per mask -- all of which were made with brass frames and Swarovski crystals. Londyn rocked rose gold brass with gold crystals. Future had one for arrivals and another for his performance ... both with clear, black and orange crystals.They took about a week and a half to make. Clearly, Future's was designed so he could rap through it.
Beyonce and Jay-Z's twins are out of the hospital and at home ... and the home is a ridiculous Malibu estate ... TMZ has confirmed.The twins were at UCLA Medical Center for a week and a half, and we're told toward the end of last week, they were released. TMZ broke the story ... the twins were born prematurely and placed under lights ... presumably to cure jaundice.The boy and girl now join Blue Ivy and their parents at a spectacular $400,000-a-month Malibu rental ... as the Daily Mail first reported. It sits on 6.3 acres with jetliner views of the Pacific.
New van trouble for Rich Homie Quan, and this time he's the one filing a police report after someone broke into his tour van to jack up to $2k worth of stuff.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... RHQ's Savana Explorer van got rolled early Sunday morning ... while he was performing at a club in Meridian, Mississippi.Cops say Quan discovered someone had smashed the back window around 2 AM, and he told cops the thieves took between $1,500 and $2,000 worth of property.As we reported ... he recently got busted for felony weed possession in a different van just a month ago.
Does Brooke Burke's husband, David Charvet, want to be ANYWHERE else in the world right now? "Namaste right here and shoot video of my wife bending over in a bikini."Brooke and David are cruising the Italian Riviera on a yacht, and y'know how it goes: When you're on a boat and sporting a small bikini, there's always time to get in some yoga stretches.David played amateur photog while Brooke did her best to stay flexible.This is a trip we can all get behind ... if Brooke keeps this up.Saturday Sweat 💦🤸🏼‍♂️💦. Bateau #BikiniBootyBurn🔥 in the Med, Cheerleader squats #NoExcuses 🌊🛥@shape
10:36 AM PT -- A rep for Dali's foundation say they are currently preparing an appeal to oppose the order.Maury Povich ain't got nothing on this paternity test -- a judge has ordered the body of Spanish painter Salvador Dali be exhumed to get to the bottom of a baby daddy dispute.The court handed down the order Monday after a Spanish woman claimed her mother had an affair with the artist in 1955. But with no biological remains or personal objects of the artist available to help determine whether he's the father, a judge ordered his body exhumed.Surreal. We know.Salvador -- who died in 1989 -- had no children with his wife. The alleged daughter, who's a tarot card reader, has made this claim twice before ... but never gotten any paternity results.There's a lot at stake. Dali was extremely wealthy when he died. Dude lived in a castle with a pet anteater.Unclear when the testing will be done, but just imagine Salvador doing this dance.
NBA commissioner Adam Silver didn't just attend NYC's gay pride parade this weekend -- he was waivin' the rainbow flag and dancing his face off ... and it was AWESOME!!Silver -- one of the most powerful figures in all of sports -- rode on the NBA float alongside the league's first openly gay player, Jason Collins.Golden State Warriors president Rick Welts -- who is openly gay -- also rode on the float with his partner, Todd Gage.It's the second time the NBA has entered a float into the event. Last year, Silver started off walking beside the float until Collins convinced him to get on. Silver said he had so much fun last year, he couldn't wait to do it again!
Migos taught Joe Budden a valuable interviewing lesson -- don't abruptly end it and walk off unless you feel like getting your ass kicked.The bizarre scene went down Sunday as Budden, DJ Akademiks and Nadeska Alexis interviewed the rap trio on their "Everyday Struggle" show before the BET Awards.Tensions flared when Akademiks brought up the fact Takeoff was left off the hit single "Bad and Boujee" ... prompting the rapper to fire back. After a brief exchange, Budden demands Akademiks wrap up the interview but Akademiks apparently was taking too much time for Budden's liking ... who drops the mic and walks off.Check it out ... Migos wasn't having it and all hell nearly breaks loose.We asked Lil Yachty for his take on the beef ... no surprise whose side he's on.
Beyonce gave birth 2 weeks ago Tuesday, but she and Jay-Z are still dealing with premature birth issues ... sources connected to the family tell TMZ.Sources familiar with the situation tell us, as of 4 days ago the infants were still in the hospital. As we reported, they are "under the lights" ... which typically means they have jaundice, the result of elevated bilirubin issues. The lights lower bilirubin in the blood to eliminate the jaundice.We're told none of the medical problems should pose serious long-term issues ... nonetheless, we're told doctors did not want the babies released until they were stabilized.As we reported ... Beyonce had a boy and a girl.The release date is unclear.
A$AP Rocky would have thrived in the '70s ... he's all about the peace movement.The rapper was leaving Craig's Sunday night in WeHo and we wanted to know -- what the hell happened earlier that day when a scuffle broke out at 1 OAK?TMZ broke the story ... a fight erupted at a table near the main stage but the rapper was NOT targeted. He did, however, intervene to break up the melee.As Rocky likes to tell it ... that's what he's all about.
Migos and Chris Brown's tempers just got things jumping at the BET Awards after-party ... so much so, cops had to respond.Sources at the party tell us Chris had just finished premiering his new music video with Future at the event ... near Microsoft Theater in downtown L.A. We're told the guys from Migos were walking in at the same time, and when they came face-to-face with Chris' crew things got tricky.Witnesses tells us someone in Chris' group pushed Quavo, and then one of the Migos guys jumped in  ... but then he got punched. We're told Chris kept walking while all of this was going on -- perhaps, wisely, realizing he don't need any heat from Johnny Law.However, we're told Migos and some friends followed Chris to his car and surrounded him.Ultimately, Chris was able to leave without anyone getting hurt ... but not before some very tense moments.We're told cops showed up too, but everyone had split by then.
President Obama was NOT the captain of this ship ... and he's totally cool with it.The former Prez and Michelle took Malia and Sasha along for their latest vacation in Bali ... where they did some white water rafting. Based on Sasha's smile we're guessing these were class II rapids at best.The Obamas also toured a rice terrace as they kicked off a 10-day trip that will end in Jakarta. Barack is making a speech there to the Indonesian Congress. Barack spent part of his childhood living in the country, so it's a bit of a homecoming.He's going back in style -- reportedly staying at the Four Seasons in Bali where rooms can run several thousand per night.Their $60 mil book advances should cover it.
Prodigy's close friends, including his Mobb Deep partner, Havoc, Lil Kim and Busta Rhymes got together to pay their respects at a post-BET Awards event.Fat Joe and Remy Ma were also out Sunday night at the Palm Restaurant ... where they all signed a photo of Prodigy, and shared stories about their pal.Lil Kim didn't seem the least bit concerned about being a "person of interest" in an armed robbery.She and Havoc presented during the awards and paid homage to Prodigy.
Kanye West was super pumped after the BET Awards Sunday, holding court outside a WeHo club.Kanye joined the Kardashian klan to celebrate Khloe's 33rd birthday at the Blind Dragon. Tristan Thompson and Khloe arrived together to the club.Before joining the group inside, Kanye chatted up one of his friends on the phone, and then met up with some guys on the street.He was oblivious to the paparazzi ... if anything, they were clowning the photogs.A good night was had by all.
It was mostly love at the BET Awards Sunday night ... mostly.Aside from a few fights, everyone got along swimmingly at the Microsoft Theater in L.A.  Among those front and center ... French Montana, Diddy, Gucci Mane, Chance the Rapper, DJ Khaled and Migos.The pics were snapped backstage during the big performances and awards ceremony.Check out the duds and the bling ... and the hot chicks, of course.
A UFC fighter got the literal crap beat out of her Sunday night -- and left the proof INSIDE THE OCTAGON!!The fighter is Justine Kish -- who was trying to wriggle her way out of a killer rear naked choke courtesy of Felice Herrig during "UFC Fight Night" in Oklahoma last night ... when her bowels betrayed her.Kish lost the fight ... and the contents of her colon.
Bill Cosby could still find himself locked up for the rest of his life ... but that's not going to stop him from making bank on the show that helped his rise to fame.The comedian and creator of "Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids" filed paperwork in May -- about a month before his sexual assault trial began -- to renew the rights to the title of his animated series ... and the terms "Fat Albert" and "Hey hey hey" specifically.Cosby wants to churn out t-shirts and DVDs featuring the cartoon ... whether he's a free man or not. Prosecutors vowed to retry him.This also might explain why Cosby -- to the dismay of many -- shouted Fat Albert's catchphrase as he was leaving the courthouse during his trial. It was just marketing.
DeMario Jackson is looking for answers, and thinks a 1-on-1 with Corinne Olympios could help him finally get some peace of mind ... but she's gotta make the first move.Sources close to the "Bachelor in Paradise" outcast tell TMZ ... he wants to chat with Corinne about her sexual assault claim. DeMario's telling friends he doesn't hold a grudge -- after being cleared by Warner Bros. -- especially since he's bound to see Corinne again with other 'Bachelor' alums.We're told DeMario was "blindsided and confused" when he heard she claimed to be a victim, because when they got sent home producers told him it was because a third party had a problem with their pool sexcapade -- not Corinne.DeMario assumed he and Corinne would move on and be friends since they got along so well the first day filming -- laughing, chatting and hooking up -- so he doesn't understand what changed.There's a catch -- we're also told DeMario's not going to reach out to Corinne. He feels the ball's in her court since she played the victim card ... but he'll drop everything to meet with her if she calls.
LaVar Ball isn't the only one in the world who thinks he could've beaten Michael Jordan 1-on-1 ... his father agrees ... telling TMZ Sports he's CERTAIN his Big Baller son would've dominated His Airness.Of course, LaVar's the guy who started this fire (and many others) claiming in his athletic heyday, he'd have beaten Jordan, a statement that sent the sports world into an "Is he crazy?" frenzy.We ran into one guy who DOESN'T think he's crazy at LAX -- LaVar's dad -- who only had one answer when we asked and he told us he agreed with his son's big brag."Yes. When he was younger and he was 6'6'', 270, I would've put him against anybody."
The Wynn Hotel's pissed its X is being whored around Washington, DC -- totally disrespecting their 21-year relationship together ... according to the hotel's new lawsuit.The Wynn -- which owns XS Nightclub at Encore -- is suing XS Nightclub DC for using a similar logo. According to docs, the Wynn says it's had the XS rights since at least 1996 to market its restaurants, bars and nightclubs ... in this case a club at Encore.The Wynn says the DC club is misleading customers into falsely believing its club is connected to the Vegas resort -- and, despite a warning back in May, it's still using the logo.By the way, for its grand opening, the DC joint used the exact logo from the Vegas XS.X's ... can't live with 'em, can't trust 'em not to hook up cross-country.

Prodigy got the honoring he deserved at the BET Awards ... and it came courtesy of his partner in rhyme, Havoc, Lil Kim and a surprise mention from Kendrick Lamar.We broke the story ... Havoc and Kim followed through on plans to give a special shout out to Mobb Deep's Prodigy Sunday while presenting the Best Male Hip Hop Artist Award to Kendrick.Even Kung Fu Kenny -- in what appeared to be an impromptu nod -- paid his respects to the fallen rap legend ... saying he inspired his first mixtape at age 16.As we reported ... Prodigy's cause of death has been delayed pending toxicology results. His camp suggested he died after a lifelong battle with sickle cell anemia, and our sources tell us he also choked on an egg in the hospital shortly before he died.
Chance the Rapper had everyone at the BET Awards on their feet and cheering after he gave one HELL of an acceptance speech demanding justice in the black community ... and Michelle Obama even gave him a shout out.Chance took home the BET Humanitarian Award Sunday in L.A. for all his work helping out the Chicago public school system and its students -- with money, shows and engagement in his hometown.During his acceptance speech, Chance made an impassioned plea to the federal government, juries and courts and a number of other institutions to deliver justice to black people ... those locked up for minor drug offenses; those killed by police; and schools getting screwed by higher-ups.Like we said ... the crowd loved it. And if that wasn't enough ... Michelle had some kind words for Chance before he stole the show himself.
Safaree Samuels shoulda stood his ground against Meek Mill's good squad when they tried jumping him ... according to a fellow "Love & Hip Hop" costar.We got Tammy Rivera -- Waka Flaka's lady from 'L&HH: Atlanta' -- as she was heading to the Microsoft Theater in L.A. for the BET Awards ... and she opened up about Safaree getting jumping this weekend.She says the fight will probably work out in Safaree's favor -- as they say, there's no such thing as bad publicity.
3:40 PM PT -- Sources at 1 OAK tell TMZ that A$AP Rocky was not targeted in Sunday morning's scuffle ... he simply got sucked in as a result of proximity. We're told a fight erupted at a table near the main stage, and as A$AP was exiting ... the commotion spilled over into his area. We're also told no arrests were made, and no injuries were reported.A$AP Rocky is the latest celeb to deal with a would-be assault that ended in chaos over BET Awards weekend.Rocky was attacked early Sunday morning while doing a gig at 1 OAK in L.A., where Kendrick Lamar also headlined and got treated to a birthday shout out.Eyewitnesses tell TMZ that A$AP was jumped on by one man after the birthday song, which resulted in a massive scuffle near the main stage ... one that A$AP himself got mixed up in with security trying to break things up.Law enforcement sources tell us they responded to an incident at 1 OAK around 1:57 AM from a club-goer who said security had struck him. By the time cops showed, the guy was gone ... and security said it was only a verbal exchange.As we reported ... this is the 2nd altercation this weekend. Safaree had the misfortune of being jumped, allegedly at the hands of Meek Mill's crew.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau did what Donald Trump has refused to do for all of June ... walk among his LGBT citizens to honor Pride Month.Trudeau joined in on Canada's largest Pride parade in Toronto Sunday, where he took to the streets to march with members of the LGBT community. He made many stops along the way ... shaking hands and talking to reporters.President Trump has failed to formally acknowledge June as Pride Month -- unlike President Obama﻿, who did so almost every year over his 8-year term.Looks like the PM is keeping up with the tradition up north.
Meek Mill﻿'s happy to play the "who" game when it comes to questions about Safaree Samuels ... and he probably ain't squaring up with him anytime soon either.Paps got Meek Saturday night leaving the District in Bev Hills -- rolling SUPER deep with bodyguards -- where he ducked and dodged questions about Safaree claiming Meek ordered his crew to jump him on Friday.It's like a Dr. Seuss book here at first, but then Meek gets into Safaree's request for a 1-on-1 fight straight up. As he puts it, he's a "Don" ... and Dons don't fight. Okay, bud.
Congressman Adam Schiff blames former President Obama for not standing up to the Russians while they were hacking Hillary Clinton's emails during the election, but he thinks Trump is a shameless hypocrite for taking swipes at the former Prez when Trump himself was gleefully using the info.Schiff was in D.C. Sunday when our photog asked about where to cast blame over Russian interference in the election.  Schiff uses a great metaphor to express his disdain for Trump, but then throws shade on Obama.
Rich The Kid hopefully is truly rolling in dough, because he's dripping in jewelry, and his latest acquisition set him back $75k.Rich was leaving Peter Marco Extraordinary Jewels Of Beverly Hills on Rodeo Drive Saturday, when he told us he dropped the loot to snap a Papa Smurf chain.As we reported, made a $2.5 million deal with Interscope last week, and celebrated in NYC by spending $140k a watch and another $100k on a chain.
The Maxim Hot 100 party was blazing Saturday night, with tons of hot chicks.The event was held during BET weekend at the Hollywood Palladium with plenty of Absolut Elyx on hand. Celebrity guests included Wiz Khalifa, Jamie Foxx, Abigail Ratchford, Shanina Shaik, Christina Milian, Karrueche, Joanna Krupa, Nick Cannon, Casper Smart, DJ Khaled, Hailey Baldwin, Kara del Toro and a lot more.More than 2,000 people attended.  Lots of music and dancing.
Lil Kim is in the crosshairs of the LAPD after her crew allegedly robbed a woman over a BET party house ... TMZ has learned.Law enforcement sources tell us, Kim rented a house for a BET weekend party but apparently the crib was not to her liking. We're told Sunday at 2 AM Kim and her crew went to check out the house, didn't like it and demanded their money back from either the owner or property manager.The money wasn't forthcoming, an argument erupted and cops were called. Police arrived and told them it was a civil matter and they could do nothing ... so they left.We're told Kim and her crew also left, but at 4 AM, a group of people showed up at the house with ski masks and weapons and got what they were after ... Kim's deposit check and cash, totaling at least $20k.Law enforcement sources say the robbers weren't done ... they also slashed all of the victim's tires and stole a hubcap.The LAPD has launched a robbery investigation.
Gwyneth Paltrow is being called out by NASA for scamming her Goop customers with "wellness stickers."Go to the Goop website and you'll find a pitch for "a crystalline, carbonized radio-frequency material" made from spacesuits.  Gwyneth claims the stickers will "fill in the deficiencies in your reserves, creating a calming effect, smoothing out both physical tension and anxiety."BS, says former NASA honcho Mark Shelhamer, who says, "Not only is the whole premise like snake oil, the logic doesn't even hold up."  Shelhamer told Gizmodo, "If they promote healing, why do they leave marks on the skin when they are removed.  What a load of BS this is."And it gets worse ... in the original pitch on Goop, it says the materials were made from NASA issues, but NASA says it's just not true.  The representation has been removed from Goop.BTW ... the stickers go for $120 for a set of 24.
DJ Self is denying the buzz that he set Safaree Samuels up when Safaree was attacked Friday by Meek Mill's crew.DJ now says he's speaking out to protect his rep, saying, "I rock with both of them and do not like to get in between people's beef."  He goes on, "If I do, I like to squash it as opposed to provide it."He also says ambushing Safaree was impossible because he didn't know either Safaree or Meek would be there ... "No way no how I could ever line somebody up or set somebody up."
"All Eyez On Me" filmmakers and famed director John Singleton are beefing over the version of the movie Singleton wanted to make -- and now we have the script at the center of the feud.TMZ obtained several pages from a 2014 draft written by Singleton, and it includes a scene where prison guards lock Tupac in the library, and turn the other way while other inmates assault him. When you read it ... there's a clear insinuation Tupac gets raped.'Eyez' producer L.T. Hutton referred to this scene while he was on "The Breakfast Club," but fans were hesitant to believe it. For his part, Singleton has trashed 'Eyez,' and refused to see it because he "knows they f**ked it up."The script, labeled "REVISION EIGHT," also has a scene where Tupac watches his mother, Afeni, having "adult fun" with a man and another woman.We contacted the film's producers, Morgan Creek, to authenticate the script. Marketing EVP Greg Mielcarz told us it's "one of several versions penned by Mr Singleton while he was working with Morgan Creek.”
Lionel Richie secretly met with "American Idol" producers this week and the subject was joining the show ... production sources tell TMZ.We're told 'A.I.' execs had a sit-down with the legendary singer/producer for 2 hours, and they loved him. Our sources say 'A.I.' honchos now think he'd be a great fit for the show ... they like his "vibe."It's interesting. We're told execs view him as a "nice judge." That seems to be Katy Perry's M.O. as well. So the third judge -- whom producers have not identified -- will be critical. It's unclear if they want another Simon, or if they're going for warm and fuzzy all 'round.
Michael Jackson's youngest son isn't a little kid anymore ... and he's armed and dangerous.Blanket Jackson is now 15, and he's a black belt in Karate. He was leaving an L.A. martial arts studio Saturday strutting his stuff.FYI ... a black belt with a white stripe is the Master Black Belt designation in karate.It's pretty amazing ... all 3 of Michael's kids have emerged from the shadows and found their path.Short story ... Blanket's still not old enough to drive, but he moves fast.
Emilio Estevez is way past playing Billy the Kid ... especially now that cops tell us his gun was stolen.Law enforcement sources say the incident went down back in May as the 'Mighty Ducks' and "Young Guns" star was staying at the Oceana hotel in Santa Monica.We're told he parked his car with the valet ...and 2 days later got back in his car only to find his Glock and ammo were missing. Our sources say there was no forced entry. It's unclear where the gun and ammo were in the car.Cops are investigating.
Here he is ... the KC Chiefs trainer who helped save a closeted gay NFL player from killing himself, David Price, tells TMZ Sports he was "elated" to find out he had such a positive impact.The player is ex-offensive lineman Ryan O'Callaghan -- who recently came out publicly on Outsports.com after keeping his sexuality a secret during his entire football career.O'Callaghan -- who played for the Patriots and the Chiefs -- says he was in a dark place toward the end of his career and was on the verge of suicide ... until Price stepped in.O'Callaghan says Price simply cared enough to talk to him and realized something was wrong -- and convinced him to get help from a team psychologist. That got the ball rolling for O'Callaghan who says he's now in a MUCH healthier mental state and loves life.We spoke with Price who says he was unaware how important he was to O'Callaghan until he read the Outsports article this week ... but couldn't be more proud of his former player."I was just elated, I mean on Cloud 9 that I had that much impact on somebody's life in a positive way."

The Game says he's not getting involved in the beef between Nicki Minaj's exes, Meek Mill and Safaree Samuels ... but he's got no problem encouraging them to slug it out.Game was leaving BET's Celebrity Basketball Game Saturday when we asked him about Safaree getting jumped -- allegedly by Meek's crew -- and he offered a "fair" way for them to solve their differences.It's pretty straight forward -- and he thinks the 2 grown men can figure it out on their own.Wonder who he's got in the fight?
Charlamagne tha God's got no problem with teaching people about sexual assault ... but definitely doesn't think Bill Cosby should be leading the charge."The Breakfast Club" host chatted with us at the Mr. C hotel in Beverly Hills Saturday about Cosby wanting to hold seminars to help young people -- especially athletes -- avoid being accused of sexual assault. He's thinks it's a good idea ... except for the Cosby part.So who should be holding these sex assault chats? Charlamagne thinks the answer's pretty obvious.
DeMario Jackson's livin' easy now that Warner Bros. cleared him of sexual assault on "Bachelor in Paradise" ... and the handful of hot women with him probably helps too.DeMario hit up Avenue in L.A. for a night out with several ladies Friday night. He didn't answer any questions ... but his smile said a lot. Questionable t-shirt choice though.We broke the story ... Warner Bros. concluded their investigation of Jackson's 'BiP' scandal with Corinne Olympios and found no sexual assault occurred. Still, DeMario says he won't return to the show.
Safaree Samuels and Meek Mill had an explosive run-in Friday at a BET party when Meek's crew jumped and attacked Safaree, who now wants a violent showdown with Meek.The 2 ex-BF's of Nicki Minaj showed up at DJ Khaled's pre-BET party at Penthouse in WeHo. It looks like Safaree arrived just before Meek, and just as Meek was getting out of the SUV, 2 guys who we're told were part of Meek's crew opened a can of whup-ass.
Blac Chyna got rear-ended in a traffic collision and was placed in an ambulance ... while the other driver was allegedly detained by cops for a possible DUI.Chyna was in her white Rolls-Royce in Studio City, CA around 2:30 AM Saturday morning when she got into the car accident. She was checked out by paramedics for about 45 minutes before she was released and picked up by another ride.We're told LAPD officers detained the other driver and administered some DUI tests ... no word yet if there was an arrest.Blac Chyna's no stranger to car accident drama ... she was sued last year for letting her friend drive her car that ended up involved in a hit-and-run.
T.I. grabbed the mic at his daughter's birthday bash, but instead of dropping lines ... he got sentimental talking about the "apple of my eye."Tip threw the huge party for his 16-year-old daughter Deyjah at Bianco Ultra Lounge in Atlanta Thursday night ... which included appearances by rappers Joe Gifted, Dada, Young Dro and Silento.We're told Tip dropped $50k on the event and hired MusicBusinessPolitics to plan it.And yes, it was a full family affair -- Tiny was there for her daughter's bday too.
Allen Iverson's got a huge game coming up ... and here we are talkin' 'bout practice!!!'The Answer' hit the courts at Chelsea Piers in NYC Friday to shoot around with other former NBA stars -- like Kenyon Martin -- and get ready for the tip-off of Ice Cube's BIG3 league Sunday at the Barclays Center in Brooklyn.He even took some time to cross over actor Michael Rapaport just for fun ... like he once did to MJ.Iverson's 3-on-3 team -- 3's Company -- will take on the Ball Hogs in their first game ... who are captained by Brian Scalabrine and Josh Childress and coached by Rick Barry.We also asked Iverson if he has any words of wisdom for top pick in the NBA Draft, Markelle Fultz ... his advice was short but sweet.
The top dog at this year's World's Ugliest Dog contest was also huge -- a 125 lb. Neapolitan Mastiff named Martha ... but she had some tough competition.The 29th annual contest held in Petaluma, CA featured 14 of the world's ugliest canines, who competed for a trophy and a $1,500 prize. Now that Martha's the winner ... expect to see her on all the morning talk shows.
"Bachelor in Paradise" contestants will have to ante up all drugs -- both legal and not -- when they land in Mexico for the relaunched version this weekend.TMZ has obtained an email sent by producers to contestants, which informs them of some of the "new procedures" that have been initiated in the wake of the Corinne Olympios/DeMario Jackson scandal.The email reads in part, "Upon your arrival, your bags will be inventoried specifically for any over the counter and prescription drugs that are not prescribed to you." Any prescription/illegal drugs will be confiscated."The email goes on ... "All drugs, over the counter and prescribed, must be submitted to the Nurse to keep and dispense accordingly for your stay in Mexico."Our production sources say the drug policy is NOT related to Corinne's claim she blacked out during a sexual encounter with DeMario in a swimming pool. We broke the story, Warner Bros. investigated and after reviewing the video concluded she was alert and fully engaged throughout. There is no evidence she was on drugs.
Ex-NHL star Mike Comrie will NOT be charged with rape -- after prosecutors say there was reasonable doubt as to whether his accuser consented to anal sex during a sexual encounter in February.TMZ Sports broke the story ... Comrie was investigated over a Feb. 11th incident at his L.A. home in which he invited 2 women over for drinks and sex.The accuser told police she watched Comrie take the 1st woman into his room for sex. When they were finished, woman #1 left and the accuser then had consensual sex with Comrie.According to official documents obtained by TMZ Sports the accuser says the sex was consensual at first ... until Comrie crossed the line by engaging in anal sex.The woman claims she told him to stop but he didn't -- instead, he allegedly choked her and told her she couldn't tell him what to do. The woman claims the sexual assault lasted 45 seconds.But here's where things get messy ... investigators say the woman claims she showered after the incident and then engaged in another consensual sex act with Comrie, which she says also got rough when he slapped her in the face.At that point, the woman claims she jumped off the bed and started recording audio on her phone as she accused him of sexually assaulting her.Cops obtained the recording and say Comrie sounds heavily intoxicated but denied any wrongdoing -- insisting the accuser had consented to everything.The woman left Comrie's home and went to a rape treatment center -- where examiners noted a laceration to her anus. However, examiners noted the cut was consistent with both consensual and non-consensual sex.
Abby Lee Miller kinda pulled a Sharon Stone from "Basic Instinct" Friday ... committing an offense that pales by comparison to the other things she's done.Abby Lee parked in a disabled spot in L.A. ... which carries a $1,000  fine. And this is hilarious ... she must have realized what she was doing, so she moved her car. Problem is ... she moved it into a red zone!As you know, she's just days away from turning herself in for pleading guilty to multiple fraud counts, which will land her in prison for a year and a day.
Rae Sremmurd's Slim Jimmy has a road map for staying out of trouble during BET weekend ... chase the chicks and stay away from the b's.We got Jimmy at LAX Friday and he told us his M.O. ... not just for BET weekend but all the times. Keep your head low, your nose clean and your business private.
Disney Chairman Bob Iger has no doubt ... Ron Howard will bring the upcoming "Stars Wars" Han Solo installment in for a smooth landing, and any bumps in the road will be quickly forgotten.We got Iger out Friday at E Baldi in Bev Hills when our photog asked some pretty good questions about Howard's chops in the genre. Iger laughs, saying the truth -- Ron can direct anything.As was reported, Howard is replacing directors Phil Lord and Chris Miller.
Former "Bachelor" contestant AshLee Frazier thinks nothing untoward happened between Corinne and DeMario on "Bachelor in Paradise" and strongly believes they should come back and hook up.We got the Season 17 alum at LAX Friday, and she thinks the whole sexual assault thing was made up by a disgruntled producer. TMZ broke the story ... Warner Bros. conducted an investigation and determined Corinne was alert and fully engaged when she engaged in oral sex with DeMario in a pool.

Arnold Schwarzenegger's son must have learned from his old man -- you gotta get the cardio in if you wanna get ripped.Joseph Baena wrapped up a workout session Friday with a run on the beach in Malibu ... along with a couple buddies who popped their shirts off to show off their muscles too.This isn't the first time Joseph's shown he's a chip off the old block either. What can we say ... he gets it directly from his dad.
The BET Awards will pay tribute to Prodigy, but it won't be a major spectacle -- instead, his rap partner Havoc and Lil Kim will do the honors on their own.Sources involved with the production tell us Kim and Havoc were late adds to the show as presenters. They will also share some personal words, paying respects to the Mobb Deep rapper.We're told BET Awards execs scrambled to put together a tribute performance after Prodigy's death Tuesday, but it was too late. Artitsts had already signed contracts to perform at the awards, and BET didn't want to burn bridges by changing their sets, which have been planned for weeks.
Lil Yachty has a message for Hollywood stars, directors and moguls -- y'all should f*** with him!The 19-year-old rapper was at LAX when our photog asked if he'd ever change his famous hair color. Yachty, it turns out, already has an age set for when he'll not only change color, but cut his locks altogether. All he needs is the right phone call from some key players in Hollywood.Yachty says he's got range to play all kinds of roles. It's also safe to say he's a big fan of "Moonlight."
Summer has officially arrived and so has the latest celebrity craze ... the bambi pose. If you’re totally clueless about the signature stance, here’s a quick definition:Bambi Pose: Sitting perched atop your heels with your legs curled under much like that of a baby deer.Used in a sentence: Fawn over these photos to see which sexy stars have perfected the posture of Summer Seventeen.If you're still unsure, please refer to the photo below:

Charlie Sheen recklessly exposed his ex-girlfriend to HIV and had the audacity to say he was "noble" for belatedly telling her ... according to a new lawsuit.A California woman -- known only as Jane Doe -- claims she met the "confidential male defendant" and they quickly began having sex -- eventually unprotected sex.She never mentions Sheen by name, but she might as well have, because there are hints all over the lawsuit ... notably, that the defendant announced his HIV status on national TV on November 17, 2015. That's the day Sheen went on "Today" and revealed his HIV status.The woman -- who says she's a Russian emigre -- claims when Sheen dropped the news to her, he dismissively told her to take 2 pills to prevent transmission. He told her the drugs were not necessary, and urged her not to believe "the convenient rumors of the medical community," saying, "You don't need to be on all that f****** s***."She also claims he told her the "Apocalypse" had "cleansed" her soul and he knew she'd be fine.
Hillary Clinton jumped off the political sidelines and fired a shot at Republicans over the new healthcare bill ... saying, in not so many words, it's gonna kill Americans.Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they're the death party. https://t.co/jCStfOaBjyThe former candidate said the GOP will be "the death party" if they pass the proposed healthcare measure. In her tweet, she referenced an article citing Harvard researchers. Their study says the Senate bill could result in "18,000 to 28,000 deaths in 2026."
He's worn dresses ... maybe that's why Dennis Rodman felt so comfortable using the women's restroom at Long Beach airport Wednesday night.A female witness tells us she noticed Dennis in the airport around 9 PM -- but couldn't believe it when she saw The Worm walk straight into the women's restroom while blasting Staind's "It's Been Awhile" on his mini-speaker.We're told he was inside for about a minute -- and acted normal while a bunch of confused women looked on ... some doing double takes.
Dr. Luke's nearly 3 year saga in a defamation lawsuit against Kesha's mom is finally over -- the suit's been dropped and they've reached a settlement.TMZ broke the story ... the music producer claimed in a 2014 lawsuit that Pebe Sebert orchestrated a smear campaign of sexual lies against him. He also claimed Pebe wanted Kesha to break her contract with him, and when she couldn't, Pebe got Kesha to spread lies that he raped her.But the parties have now agreed to dismiss the case with prejudice -- meaning it can't be refiled. Translation: They settled it, and one thing Luke got was a statement from Pebe regarding his sexual assault case with Kesha.According to the statement ... "Pebe admits she has no firsthand knowledge of the events occurring on the night of the alleged rape. Pebe was not present that night. At that time, Pebe was in Nashville, and Kesha was in Los Angeles. The dispute between Kesha and Dr. Luke about the events of that night is the subject of the New York case, and will be decided in that case."
Johnny Depp is apologizing for his joke about assassinating President Trump, saying he didn't mean any harm by it.Johnny released a statement admitting the "bad joke" he told Thursday to the Glastonbury Festival crowd was in poor taste.“It did not come out as intended, and I intended no malice," his apology read. "I was only trying to amuse, not to harm anyone.”Depp had joked, "When was the last time an actor assassinated a president?"
Johnny Depp's disdain for the White House runs deep ... so deep he was once corralled by Secret Service agents who refused to let him shake the President's hand.Depp, who's taking heat for his Trump assassination crack, was at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. back in January 1988 -- yeah, we know it's the '80s -- where President and Nancy Reagan held a ceremony for the fight against AIDS.Johnny -- who was the star of "21 Jump Street," started clowning almost from the get-go. During a private tour, he picked his nose at the podium in the Press Room and flipped off the camera outside the gate.We're told he was in the Rose Garden when he lit up a cigarette, much to the dismay of the Secret Service.Later, during the event, Johnny was in the Blue Room when he once again lit a ciggy ... enraging the agent.When it came time for the receiving line to meet the Prez and First Lady, the agents told Johnny he could not participate because he had shown disrespect.Check out the PSA.
Will the real Slim Shady please stand up ... because that dude with the beard standing between Dr. Dre and Kendrick Lamar can't be him, can it?Eminem posed for a pic with his fellow rap gods and label mates ... along with famed West Coast hip-hop producer FredWreck. It was Wreck's birthday, but Marshall Mathers stole the spotlight with his new facial hair.The normally baby-faced rapper premiered his scruff at the premiere of "The Defiant Ones" in L.A. Thursday night ... a documentary about the partnership between Dre and Jimmy Iovine.
Brandy Norwood is doing just fine after her airplane medical emergency ... but Common treated her extra special at his concert Thursday night anyway.The rapper brought Brandy onstage at the Golden 1 Center in Sacramento and put her front and center. As he performed his 2002 track, "Come Close," she smiled and waved her arms ... then got serenaded with the final verse.
The filmmakers behind "All Eyez On Me" kept too close an eye on interviews Tupac did with a famous journalist, and then used his work -- without permission -- to write their script ... according to a lawsuit.Kevin Powell wrote a series of articles for Vibe in the mid '90s focusing on Tupac's 2 major influences -- the civil rights movement (his mother, Afeni Shakur, was a Black Panther) ... and the gangsta rap movement.According to the suit, 'Eyez' executive producer L.T. Hutton did an interview just this month, saying he looked at "all of the interviews" of Tupac to make the movie.Powell -- who you'd also recognize from season 1 of "Real World" -- says after seeing the movie he saw many similarities to his articles. For instance, the movie has a character named Nigel ... as does Powell's article. But he says his Nigel was fictional, based on a real guy named "Haitian Jack." The fact Nigel appears in the movie, proves filmmakers lifted Powell's work ... according to the suit.He says the movie also features a journalist, played by Hill Harper, talking to Pac in prison ... just as he did.Sources connected to Powell tell us the parallel isn't lost on the public, because he's been asked multiple times if Hill's character is based on him.We're told Powell's currently working on a Tupac biography, but before that comes out he's shooting for the moon with this lawsuit. He's asking a judge to immediately block the film from playing in theaters ... and award him a slice of the profits it's already earned.
A juror in the Bill Cosby trial says Andrea Constand's choice of clothes was highly relevant in deciding whether she was the victim of sexual assault.The male juror -- who spoke with Philadelphia Inquirer -- said Constand should have been "dressed properly" when she went to Cosby's home. Constand apparently was wearing a top with the midriff exposed.The juror felt Constand was interested in a romantic relationship, in part because she brought a gift -- incense. The juror felt she should have "left the incense in the store" if this was just a friendship.The juror went on to say the votes in jury deliberation were evenly split and there was no skew based on sex, age or color.He felt Constand seemed rehearsed -- pushed by her mom -- whereas Cosby seemed honest in his deposition by admitting things that were unflattering.The juror -- who wouldn't say how he voted -- feels a retrial is a waste of time.
Johnny Depp's assassination remark about President Trump will cost him dearly ... in Hollywood ... if the White House gets its way.Trump's been silent about Depp saying, "When was the last time an actor assassinated a president?" -- however, a White House spokesperson just said, "President Trump has condemned violence in all forms and it's sad that others like Johnny Depp have not followed his lead."The statement continues, "I hope that some of Mr. Depp's colleagues will speak out against this type of rhetoric as strongly as they would if his comments were directed to a Democrat elected official."It's just a matter of time ... but y'know the Prez is loading up some "Pirates of the Caribbean" cracks.
Zac Brown wants a judge to excuse him from a court date to settle a fan's lawsuit.Zac's being sued by Karen Perry, a blind woman, who says she was gravely injured during his 2015 concert at Fenway Park. She claims Zac incited the crowd to storm the disabled section where she was sitting.According to docs ... Zac's promoter for the show, Live Nation, is stepping in to defend him at next week's scheduled mediation hearing.
Donald Trump has created an outlandish justification for suggesting 42 days ago that his conversation with then FBI Director James Comey may have been recorded ... and he's pointing the finger at Obama.Trump said on "Fox & Friends" Friday the reason he made his now-famous oblique reference to recording Comey was that the Obama administration was so deep into surveillance it was possible his predecessor wired the Oval Office.The suggestion ... the wiring was so surreptitious, no one noticed it when Trump moved in.
Scott Disick and Bella Thorne are a glutton for punishment ... back together, partying and drinking hard ... and ain't hiding a thing.The Lord and 19-year-old actress were raging well into the wee hours Friday after hitting up 1 OAK for Lana Del Rey's birthday party. They kept it going at an after-party in Bev Hills ... arriving at the crib just after 2 AM and leaving together along with another lady friend at 4 AM.Scott, famously an alcoholic, had no problem chugging a Corona. His heavy drinking has friends worried sick. You'll recall he went to rehab in 2015 but doesn't appear to be slowing down.As for Bella ... so much for feeling used.
Amber Rose appears to have at least one bush backer in rapper 21 Savage ... after they left a show together in L.A.We got them Thursday night walking out of the Belasco Theater where there was a music show put on by Red Bull. They got into his red Ferrari, and since it only seats 2 ... the math was looking good for a hookup.Amber's not shy ... she claims she hasn't had any sex partners this year because work's kept her so busy, there's "no time for penis." Raises the question: for whom is she bringing that bush back?
Judge Judy thinks Johnny Depp is in the clear for his Trump assassination wisecrack, but that doesn't mean she thinks it's ok.Judy and hubby Jerry Sheindlin were in WeHo Thursday night leaving Craig's restaurant when our photog asked if Depp's quip violated the law. She dismisses that, but raises issues of taste.It's interesting ... when our photog mentions Depp made the comment outside the U.S. of A., she doubles down and suggests certain matters of taste are simply universal.
Dennis Rodman just sent a message to Donald Trump -- call me, so we can make peace with North Korea together!And yeah, he's dead serious.The Worm -- who just got back from N. Korea -- sat down with Michael Strahan on 'GMA' and laid out why he thinks he and Trump can make real progress with Kim Jong-un.Strahan pushed Rodman about the fact Jong-un's a dictator and the mysterious death of ex-NK prisoner Otto Warmbier ... but Dennis continued to insist the North Koreans are good people who are just misunderstood.While Rodman wouldn't personally take credit for Warmbier's release -- his agent sure did ... insisting Dennis' trip was a key factor in Jong-un's decision to free the 22-year-old American.Rodman's agent says he specifically asked about Warmier's release 3 times before this most recent trip -- and says, "I know being there had something to do with it."
NOBODY PUTS GORILLA IN THE CORNER!!Here's 14-year-old up-and-coming dancer Zola showing off his moves in a kiddie pool at the Dallas Zoo ... which begs the question -- WHY ISN'T HE A JABBAWOCKY YET?!The video has gone gorilla viral -- and already got the "Flashdance" treatment ... and it's the best thing you're gonna see all day.So, sit back, peel a banana, groom your friend's back, beat your chest, cut up a Jane Goodall documentary, scale the Empire State building and enjoy.RIP Harambe.
Look out, Kim and Kris ... Lonzo and LaVar Ball have officially begun their march on Hollywood.Moments after Lonzo got drafted by the Lakers, the cameras were rolling on the Big Baller Brand family -- who were flanked by cops, security and a swagged-out BBB entourage as they got the VIP treatment on the way out of the Barclays Center in Brooklyn.A professional camera crew was recording the whole thing -- unclear if it was ESPN or a BBB documentary/reality show ... which we already confirmed was in the works.One thing's for sure ... LaVar was LOVING the attention Thursday night and it's not going away anytime soon.
Kim Kardashian has a little Jackie Kennedy in her -- or at least on her -- because we found out she secretly bid on and won one of the legendary First Lady's super-expensive timepieces.Auction sources tell us Christie's expected the watch to pull in $120,000 ... but Kim's anonymous, winning bid was $379,500!Jackie's Cartier watch must have been acquired when she was First Lady -- just months before JFK was assassinated. It's engraved February 23, 1963. She got it as a gift from brother-in-law Prince Stanislaw "Stas" Radziwill.It's interesting ... Kim has vowed not to be flashy since she was robbed in Paris last October. The watch doesn't stray from her plan ... it has no diamonds and the design is actually understated. We're told she plans to wear it.Kim also bid on one of Jackie's paintings ... which shows Stas in '63 on a 50-mile hike in Palm Beach.
Ryan Seacrest﻿'s "done deal" to host the reboot of "American Idol" has hit a snag ... but it's not over money.TMZ broke the story ... Seacrest and Fremantle Media and Core Media -- the producers of "American Idol"-- have agreed on his salary ... somewhere between $10 million and $15 million, substantially less than Katy Perry's $25M paycheck but definitely not chump change -- but he wants more than a "Host" title.Sources at Fremantle and Core tell us, Seacrest is asking for an Executive Producer credit but Fremantle is balking, and the stalemate has now lasted more than a week. It's unclear if Seacrest wants day-to-day responsibilities for producing the show -- hard to imagine since there are only 24 hours in a day.As we reported, we know producers are interested in Lionel Richie as a judge, but we're told they won't sign anyone else until they seal the deal with Seacrest.Stay tuned.
President Trump and the National Rifle Ass'n are stereotyping all black men as dangerous, and the proof is their silence over the killing of Philando Castile ... so says Congressman Cedric Richmond.Richmond was on Capitol Hill Thursday when our photog asked about gun advocates like the President and the NRA ... both of which had nothing to say about the 2nd Amendment when it came to the killing of Castile, who told cops he was carrying a legal gun.As you know, the cop shot Castile 7 times at point-blank range, claiming he feared for his life.The congressman -- who also chairs the powerful Black Caucus -- is incredulous Trump and the NRA have not defended Castile's right to bear arms.
Aaron Carter ended up in the hospital, apparently for exhaustion, following a concert -- the cherry on top of an awful night, which he says included some major body shaming.The singer performed at the HOT 107.9 concert in Syracuse Thursday night and afterward said he was headed to the ER for a checkup ... something about staying strong following a string of shows.He also revealed he had a run-in with a fan who said he looks like he has cancer. Aaron says the fan was talking to someone else, and didn't realize he was listening, but added ... he needed to eat 5 cheeseburgers because it looks like he's dying.Aaron took it hard, saying ... "They literally won't stop bullying me" and "I'm sorry I'm not fat enough."
Mariachi superstar Pepe Aguilar's son hopes to avoid serious prison time after striking a plea deal for smuggling a Chinese national in the trunk of his car.Jose Emiliano Aguilar pled guilty to 1 count of failing to present an undocumented alien at the border crossing ... according to docs obtained by TMZ. We broke the story, Emiliano was caught at the border Tijuana border crossing with 4 people in the trunk.Emiliano potentially could have been hit with 4 counts -- one for each person -- but the plea deal knocks that down to just one. Customs and Border Control had released the photo of his human cargo.His powerhouse attorney, Jeremy Warren, tells us Emiliano made a huge mistake, takes responsibility and looks forward to being a productive member of society.His father, Pepe ... is a Grammy-winning singer with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.Emiliano's hoping for way less than the 10-year max he could get when he's sentenced in August.


Johnny Depp apparently didn't learn a damn thing from Kathy Griffin ... he just went and made a joke about killing President Trump.Depp was speaking to a crowd at the Glastonbury Festival Thursday when he starting talking Trump, saying ... "I think he needs help." Then he asked the crowd ... "When was the last time an actor assassinated a president?"The crowd's reaction -- mostly cheers, but Depp still attempted to backpedal a little bit from his clear reference to John Wilkes Booth killing Abraham Lincoln in 1865.We're guessing Depp can expect a call from the Secret Service ... stat. His comments would be controversial at any time, but especially now ... just weeks after Griffin went through the wringer.
Mel B's drawing a line when it comes to footing the bill for her estranged husband's food, clothing and cell phone habits ... calling his "wish list" a pipe dream.Mel filed docs shooting holes in Stephen Belafonte's request for emergency spousal support. For instance, she says the $4,300 for food and groceries he wants comes to $140 per day, or as she puts it ... a week's worth of food for a typical family of four.She's also not down with his $2k monthly clothing allowance ... since she says he took his full wardrobe when he moved out of their house. Ditto for his $11k per month on housing -- she points out, he's just staying with friends.Belafonte also needs a new cell phone plan, according to Mel. In the docs she scoffs at his asking for $750 each month ... calling it an "exorbitant" cost for ONE phone. She's got a point.As for him crying poverty -- Mel says if he's working full-time at Serafina, and not making a dime, he "should get a job at a different restaurant." Mind you, Stephen and Mel are co-owners of that joint.Meanwhile, Mel was in court Thursday to deal with her restraining order against ex-nanny, Lorraine Giles. The judge threw out the order because Giles was never personally served.
It's official -- Lonzo Ball is an L.A. Laker!!The ex-UCLA Big Baller was selected with the #2 overall pick in the 2017 NBA Draft ... and now dad LaVar Ball can rest easy knowing his son will suit up for the Purple & Gold next year.In case you've been living under a rock for the past few months, LaVar constantly guaranteed that L.A. would pick Zo ... and even told us earlier this week that it was a sure thing.Let the games begin.
Bill Cosby's moving forward with plans to host town hall meetings where he'll discuss sex assault cases and how to avoid them -- and surprisingly ... his lawyers are totally cool with it.Cosby's high profile spokespeople, Andrew Wyatt & Ebonee Benson﻿, told us they've been flooded with requests for Cosby to, essentially, coach up young people on not getting caught in the same situations he did.It seems like an odd move, considering almost anything he says during these meetings could be used against him when his retrial in the Andrea Constand case begins.
Julia Roberts' dog once was lost, but now is found and back in her yard ... thanks to her neighbor and a mobile app that connects everyone in her hood.Someone in Julia's Malibu community found her chocolate lab, Major, earlier this month at Little Dume Beach near Point Dume in Malibu ... and then posted the news using Nextdoor -- an online social network specifically for neighbors.The post read "Found Chocolate Lab," which was listed in the Lost & Found section of Nextdoor's Point Dume page. Sure enough ... Julia's husband, Daniel Moder, responded and got the contact info of the person who found Major.
HERE WE GO!!!!The NBA Draft is about to start (4 PM PT) and Lonzo Ball (and the rest of the draft picks) are making their last fashion statements as non-insanely rich millionaires.Check out all the swagged out looks ... Lonzo's going all black everything with a Big Baller Brand bow tie. You KNEW that was gonna happen!
Steph Curry's dishing beers and stogies in the off-season, the same way he dished the rock in the NBA Finals ... but now it's his family scoring instead of Kevin Durant.The Curry fam -- Steph, Ayesha, their kids, his parents and more -- are all celebrating his 2nd NBA title over in Hawaii with what looks like the most awesome beach picnic.The Golden State Warriors superstar's drinking beers, smoking cigars and showing off his ripped bod.Steph parties responsibly though -- plenty of SPF for everyone!
Charles Manson family killer Patricia Krenwinkel had no luck on her 14th attempt at freedom ... she's been denied parole.The Commissioners from the Board of Parole Hearings met Thursday in Corona, CA where she's imprisoned, and decided Krenwinkel is not suitable to be released. She can try again in 5 years. Even if the board eventually gives her the green light ... a judge and the Governor will need to sign off.Gov. Jerry Brown already denied Leslie Van Houten ... another Manson family killer.Krenwinkel has served 47 years, making her the longest-serving female in the California prison system. The 69-year-old was convicted for the first-degree murder of Folgers Coffee heiress Abigail Folger and others.
Jes Macallan from ABC's "Mistresses" is no longer willing to co-star with Jason Gray-Stanford ... she's filed to divorce her husband.Jes filed divorce docs Tuesday, citing irreconcilable differences. They've been married since March 2012, but seems like they've been on the rocks for a while. According to the docs, they separated on March 1,  2015.Macallan's asking for spousal support and for Gray-Stanford to cover court costs. They don't have any kids.
Bill Cosby wants to spread the word to young people about sexual assault  ... and how to avoid being accused of it.Cosby's spokespeople, Andrew Wyatt and Ebonee Benson, told "Good Day Alabama" Wednesday the comedian is planning a series of town halls this summer to educate young people about sexual assault.More specifically, they say he's planning on teaching 'em how to look out for warning signs from potential victims and handle accusations that could follow.Wyatt says Cosby's gonna start his new tour of sorts in July, explaining that young people -- especially athletes -- need to "know what they're facing when they're hanging out and partying, when they're doing certain things that they shouldn't be doing."
Some people eat tubs of ice cream after a break-up but Gregg Sulkin's therapy seems to be planks and pull-ups, which he did Thursday morning at an L.A. park ... with impressive results.To be fair, the "Teen Wolf" star and Bella Thorne split last summer. It looked like they were back on after her botched trip to Cannes with Scott Disick, but it appears she went crawling back to the Lord.As for Gregg, he should have zero problems finding a new chick with those abs, arms, pecs, smile ... you get the picture.
Michael Kors' friendly fashion chat was busted up by a pack of angry protesters who rushed the stage, surrounded the designer, then chanted wild animal noises at him.Kors had just started a chat with Alina Cho at The Met Wednesday night in NYC when a group of anti-fur activists crashed the stage and yelled ... "Michael Kors is responsible for the deaths of countless innocent animals!" It only got more rowdy from there.The designer screamed, "Get away from me!" ... and the group -- New York Animal Defenders -- was eventually escorted out.This is the same group that crashed Kelly Rowland's book signing in April.
Drew Barrymore looked very much the opposite of undead in L.A. with her estranged hubby, Will Kopelman, and one of their daughters -- but they'd still have her back if she opted for the zombie lifestyle.Drew's got a new show on Netflix called "Santa Clarita Diet" about a mother who turns into a zombie and is forced to eat people. We're guessing Will digs the show based on his response to our zombie hypothetical.The bigger point here ... this looks like another case of Hollywood exes getting along. Nice trend.Drew also talked to us about her perfect cameo in the SZA video for the song, "Drew Barrymore." Great casting on someone's part.
11:37 AM -- HBO tells TMZ, "We have confidence in the staff of Last Week Tonight and do not believe anything in the show this week violated Mr. Murray's or Murray Energy's rights."John Oliver knew what was coming, and now he's got it -- a big fat lawsuit from the head of Murray Energy who apparently doesn't enjoy being called a "geriatric Dr. Evil" ... at least based on the docs.For nearly a half hour on his show, "Last Week Tonight," Oliver went HAM on Robert E. Murray and his coal mining corporation, which is the nation's largest. The comedian tore into the coal industry in general, and mocked Murray specifically.In the suit, Murray says the show was a "meticulously planned attempt to assassinate" Murray's character. He also says Oliver deliberately left out facts about an accident that killed 9 miners. Murray's insisted an earthquake caused it, not mining ... and claims Oliver ignored reports that backed his quake theory.One part of the show focused on minuscule bonus checks some miners sent back to Murray, including one with the words "Eat s**t, Bob" written on it. According to the suit, the company's website was hacked, after Oliver's show aired, and flooded with "Eat s**t, Bob" messages.Oliver acknowledged Murray's company warned it might sue. Oliver defiantly said, "I know you're probably going to sue me over this. But you know what? I stand by everything I said."HBO and Time Warner are also named as defendants.
DeMario Jackson -- the guy who had oral sex with Corinne Olympios during filming of "Bachelor in Paradise" -- is done with the show.Sources close to DeMario tell TMZ he's suffered from anxiety over the scandal after living under a cloud of suspicion for a week. He's even started seeing a therapist. And, he's upset because his name will now forever be linked to a sex scandal, even though Warner Bros. essentially concluded he did nothing wrong.We're told DeMario claims producers spoke to his lawyer and invited him back on the show, but he's done. Other sources dispute that he was invited back and say no decision has been made.We're told DeMario now wants to ditch reality TV for a career as an on-air personality.
Ice Cube is backpedaling on that whole Chauncey Billups to the Cavs thing -- saying CB is still with the BIG3 league because the NBA deal isn't officially done yet."Right now he with us until I hear something different," Cube tells TMZ Sports ... "Yesterday I opened my big mouth and it wasn't done yet."Of course, Cube is referring to Billups taking a job with the Cavs front office -- the two sides are reportedly very close to striking a deal.But until the pen hits the paper, Chauncey is still contracted to play/coach in Cube's BIG3 league -- leading the Killer 3's squad.Cube says if/when the deal goes through with the Cavs, he'll absolutely let CB out of his BIG3 contract because the league wants to serve as a pipeline to the NBA.
President Trump's got a new scandal on his hands, and this one goes deep ... like the 18th hole deep.A video's surfaced of the Prez golfing during one of his weekend trips to Bedminster, his NJ golf course. It shows Trump driving his golf cart across what many people believe to be the green -- a major party foul, as ALL golfers know.Now, there's some debate if he's actually on the green, or just the fringe. The fellow golfers he talked to at the time didn't complain -- but the video's become a thing on the Internet.If he is on the green, we suspect we know how POTUS would have Sean Spicer handle this one: "You guys, it's HIS golf course!"
Tom Brady is now picking on fat guys ... taking on sumo wrestlers in Tokyo -- and the good news, he didn't get wrecked!TB12 and his son, Jack, got a private workout while on tour with Under Armour in Asia this week ... and the 5-time Super Bowl champ hilariously tries to join the fun by grappling with a guy twice his size.Spoiler alert -- big guy didn't budge. But at least he didn't get sumo powerslammed. We've seen that before ...Gotta give Brady credit for trying -- he even ditched his shirt to show off his 39-year-old dad bod physique -- but it's pretty weird to see him not dominate something for once.
Jeremy Meeks and Postmates sure know how to market well -- they turned a one-off jokey endorsement from Bella Hadid into a full-on campaign with Amber Rose.Jeremy got hired by Postmates this week -- at least for Wednesday -- to deliver a plate of deviled eggs from the L.A. restaurant Commissary to Amber.Jeremy's collab with Postmates isn't a coincidence -- our Postmates sources tell us it's a send-up of Bella Hadid's shout-out to the company back in April.Bella posted a shot of herself with photoshopped deviled eggs, saying ... "Postmates is the best!"Looks like Postmates is putting all its eggs in one basket.
Here's tennis star Genie Bouchard in a butt-baring bikini on the beaches of Spain ... blessing all our senses while teaching the common man a lesson ... luck has its limits.Eugenie just got bounced from the Mallorca Open -- so she hit the sand with her hockey player boyfriend, Jordan Caron.You know who WASN'T invited? The lucky schmo Genie went on a date with after the infamous Super Bowl bet -- a bet in which Genie agreed to go out with the guy if the Pats came back from that 28-3 deficit.They did and Genie let the guy (John) take her to a Nets game. Later that night, TMZ Sports got Bouchard saying that date #2 was in the cards -- but that clearly didn't pan out 'cause she's on the beach with Mr. Hardbody.
A slew of celebs showed up at Diddy's L.A. mansion for a screening of his new flick, 'Can't Stop, Won't Stop,' and to say the least they were inspired.Madonna, Snoop, Vin Diesel, Lana Del Rey, Ray J, French Montana and Lil Yachty were just some of the guests at Diddy's Holmby Hills mansion.Tyrese was all fired up when he left, saying the documentary chronicling the history of Bad Boy Entertainment has inspired him ... and he now has William Shatner in his crosshairs.
French fitness blogger Rebecca Burger died after a whipped cream can exploded onto her chest ... according to her family.Rebecca, who was popular on Instagram, was killed last weekend in a totally bizarre accident. Her family says the pressurized canister blew up, hit her chest and triggered a heart attack.The hit reportedly sent her into cardiac arrest, which ultimately led to her death.Voici un exemple de siphon à chantilly qui a explosé et percuté le thorax de Rebecca, entraînant son décès. Précision : le siphon qui a engendré sa mort quant à lui été mis sous scellé. N'utilisez pas ce genre d'ustensile chez vous ! Plusieurs dizaines de milliers d'appareils défectueux sont encore en circulation.A post shared by Rebecca Burger (@rebeccablikes) on Jun 20, 2017 at 12:08pm PDTThe family also posted a pic of a whipped cream canister with a warning about using similar products. They claim "thousands" of defective ones are still in circulation.Rebecca was 33.
Floyd Mayweather spent 4 hours in an L.A. gym training for Conor McGregor -- repeating a mantra to himself during the workout, "You name him. I beat him."The Best Ever hit up Ten Goose Boxing Gym in Van Nuys with the TMT crew and NBA star, DeMar DeRozan -- and busted his ass in preparation for the August 26 fight.Mayweather was talking to himself during the session saying, "I be trying to tell ya'll ... I can get a black eye, a bloody nose. I can have a bad day in the gym. At the end of the day, I don't have a bad payday and I don't have a bad night under the lights."He added, "I get bumps, bruises ... but I don't have a bad night."Floyd's famous for his grueling workouts -- and this one was no exception.
Mariah Carey's ex-fiance is letting loose these days ... at least that's how he rolls on vacay.James Packer was aboard his yacht in Tahiti Thursday ... and from the look of things, he's still reeling from his split with Mimi last October.It was pretty nasty -- she burned her $250k wedding dress and demanded $50 mil claiming he uprooted her from her life in NYC and caused emotional distress after canceling the South American leg of her world tour.
Tommy Lee's post-Mötley Crüe years look a lot like he's still on the road picking up hot chicks ... like the super young brunette who was all over him after a dinner date.The 54-year-old extremely blessed drummer had a smokin' pair of long legs and burgundy lips Wednesday night in Calabasas -- and they belong to a 30-year-old ex-Vine star Brittany Furlan.She once had the biggest following of any woman on Vine, while Tommy's had the biggest ... popularity among rock drummers.Good to see Tommy's still living by his motto: Live long and prosper.
Harry Styles' stepfather has passed away after battling cancer.Robin Twist died earlier this week from cancer, according to Harry's reps. He married Harry's mother, Anne Cox, in 2013 where Harry served as best man.Robin helped raise Harry and his sister, Gemma, through their teenage years, including through Harry's time on "The X Factor" ... which launched his and the rest of One Direction's career.Robin leaves behind Harry's family as well as 2 other kids from another marriage.
Prodigy's partner in Mobb Deep thought his death was one of those rumors they hear all the time, and he even joked around about it ... until he confirmed the devastating news hours later.Havoc spoke out for the first time since Prodigy died, and told us he left Las Vegas Sunday knowing Prodigy was in the hospital. Unfortunately, that wasn't uncommon and Havoc says he wasn't too concerned -- his friend had battled sickle cell throughout their 28 years together. Plus, he'd checked up on him multiple times by phone ... and his condition was improving.Havoc thought nothing of a "weird rumor" he heard Tuesday morning, saying ... "I was really laughing, to be honest with you."One call to their road manager changed that.Havoc says he made the call while driving from his 5-year-old son's kindergarten graduation -- "I could've crashed with my kids in the car."
Jurors in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial reportedly voted to convict the comedian on 2 counts of sexual assault by a vote of 10 - 2.A juror broke the silence after the verdict by telling ABC News 10 of the jurors believed Cosby digitally penetrated Andrea Constand without her consent, and also believed he drugged her. On the third count -- that she was unconscious or unaware -- the vote was 11 - 1 in favor of acquittal.Here's what's shocking. The juror says when they first went into the jury deliberation room they took a straw vote -- non-binding -- and "overwhelmingly voted to find Cosby not guilty." It's unclear what discussions changed so many minds.In the end, the 2 jurors who felt Cosby was not guilty were not budging, so a mistrial was declared.The juror says it got super heated in the deliberation room, which was so small jurors couldn't even pace.
The house Madonna grew up in outside of Detroit is fully restored and up for sale ... and can be yours for about half a mil.The Queen of Pop's dad and stepmother sold the Rochester Hills, Michigan home in July 2001. It almost burned to the ground in 2008, the result of suspected arson, and sat empty until 2012, when it sold for $91,700.The current owner refurbished the home and now the 5 bedroom 3 bath, 2,700 sq. foot home is on the market for $479,900.If Madge's childhood pad makes you vogue ... realtor Robert Kabbani of Remax is holding an open house this Saturday from 5-8 PM.
Hall of Famer Eric Dickerson says O.J. Simpson won't have a problem making money if released from prison ... telling TMZ Sports he thinks Juice can make a killing as a free man.E.D. -- who admits Simpson is his favorite football player -- says O.J. is still loved by so many fans that he could make a living off autographs and appearances alone."I think people love to see O.J. and have him sign stuff, for sure," Dickerson says.Simpson has been locked up on armed robbery and kidnapping charges since 2008, but could be released as early as October 1 ... and Dickerson believes some fans will welcome him back with open arms.As for any possibility of returning to football as a coach or broadcaster ...
Kodak Black is free to hit the studio or the stage with rappers who have rap sheets while he's on house arrest ... TMZ has learned.A judge granted his request to work with performers who have records -- which would normally be a major no-no for someone in Kodak's situation. In the order, obtained by TMZ, the judge makes it clear the exception is only for work. Also, he's cool to hang out with family members who might have records.


Corinne Olympios' boyfriend does not believe she cheated on him, does not believe the Warner Bros. investigation was kosher, and will not dump her.Jordan Gielchinsky has made it clear to friends ... he still believes Corinne that she was in a blackout state when she had oral sex with DeMario Jackson in a swimming pool during the first day of 'BIP' filming.Jordan claims he has spoken to several cast members who back up her story, and he thinks the Warner Bros. investigation was a whitewash so the show could resume filming.As we reported, multiple people who have seen the video say Corinne seemed fully engaged in the pool and at no time does she seem out of it.We're told Corinne made a deal with Jordan ... she wouldn't have sex with anyone on the show. He thinks the swimming pool incident doesn't count because she was drunk out of her mind.Jordan's also suspicious because he says Corinne's lawyer has not been able to see the tape but it was shown to DeMario's attorney. Our sources say Warner Bros. isn't sharing the video with Corinne's legal team because she's threatened legal action.The question, is Jordan right ... or is he love blind?
Bobby Slayton's wife's death could have been avoided if her caretakers paid more attention to the grave condition she was in ... according to a new suit.Slayton's wife, Teddie Lee Tillett, was in the Sherman Oaks Hospital outside L.A. in March 2016 for pneumonia for 5 days before being discharged to a nursing facility ... according to the docs."The Pitbull of Comedy" claims her condition worsened there and she had to be taken to another nearby hospital in an ambulance ... where she eventually died on March 23, 2016. He blames the docs' lack of skill in treating her for her death.Slayton's suing the doctor who originally discharged her from Sherman Oaks Hospital, along with the nursing facility, for damages.Bobby's daughter, Natasha, is also listed on the suit. She is a member of the girl group G.R.L.
In response to the devastating Grenfell Tower fire ... Simon Cowell brought together a supergroup ... including Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson, Geri Halliwell, Pete Townshend, and Roger Daltrey for a moving tribute.The Artists For Grenfell gathered in a London studio over 3 days to record a new version of Simon & Garfunkel's "Bridge over Troubled Water." They were just a half mile away from the tower where at least 79 were killed.Others on the track include Nile Rodgers, Robbie Williams, Rita Ora, Jessie J, James Blunt, Bastille and Leona Lewis. In all, more than 50 artists contributed. The song is available on iTunes, and proceeds will support victims and their families.
In case you haven't noticed, Al Sharpton's been taking a lot of selfies lately ... and it might be because of Donald Trump.We got the the civil rights leader Wednesday in NYC, and asked what a lot of people have been wondering about him lately -- what up with the selfie game, Al???He broke it down for us, and the Prez is only part of it. The other part is about that gym life.As the Rev says ... back up, haters.
Prodigy's autopsy is now complete and the Clark County Medical Examiner will not determine cause of death until there is a full toxicology report, but we're told that in no way insinuates drugs were a factor.TMZ broke the story ... the Mobb Deep rapper died Tuesday morning ... just days after performing in Vegas. His team suggested he died after a lifelong battle with sickle cell anemia. Our sources also say Prodigy choked on an egg in the hospital shortly before he died.Toxicology tests frequently reveal drug use, but authorities tell us the Clark County M.E. routinely performs these tests, even if there's absolutely no evidence of drug use.We're told the tests will take 6 to 8 weeks to complete.Prodigy was 42.
Keshia Knight Pulliam says her trip to accompany Bill Cosby ﻿at his trial was totally on the up and up -- and she has emails to prove her ex knew it ... despite his claim she broke their custody deal.Keshia filed docs calling BS on Ed Hartwell, who accused her of bailing on his supervised visit with their daughter ... so she could be with Cosby in Philly. She says the fact is ... NO visit was scheduled.According to the docs ... Ed never reserved the site where the supervised visits happen. He's required to do so 1 week ahead of time, and when Ed didn't reserve it for June 6 ... Keshia made other plans. She added, Ed knew full well she was going to Philly and had no objections.Keshia also attached a June 4 email sent to Ed, reminding him there'd be no visitation because he didn't reserve the site.We broke the story ... Ed filed docs claiming Keshia violated their child custody agreement to be with Cosby on day 1 of his trial.
Ice Cube isn't even a tiny bit upset his BIG3 player/coach Chauncey Billups﻿ is leaving the BIG3 for a front office job with the Cleveland Cavs ... telling TMZ Sports the league is SUPPOSED to be a pipeline back to the NBA.Cube is in NYC where he's gearing up for opening day -- THIS WEEKEND -- and we asked which BIG3 team is the favorite to win it all.That's when Cube brought up Chauncey ... and maybe broke some news?!"It was the Killer 3's (led by Chauncey and Stephen Jackson) for a minute but since Chauncey took that job, it might change."It's been reported that Chauncey's in talks with the Cavs -- but nothing has been confirmed publicly ... at least not yet.Cube also talked Allen Iverson -- telling TMZ Sports the NBA legend has been working out like crazy and he's "ready to go."
11:40 AM PT -- According to the medical examiner ... Henry committed suicide by hanging himself. He was discovered by his brother in his apartment, who cut him down and called 911, but it was too late.One of the twins who played Baby Oscar in "Ghostbusters II" has committed suicide ... TMZ has learned.Henry 'Hank' Deutschendorf -- who played the role of the baby along with his twin brother, William -- killed himself at his home in Escondido, CA last week ... according to law enforcement sources.William says Hank died after a long battle with schizoaffective disorder -- a combination of bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. He experienced hallucinations, delusions, depression, and mania and "fought for his life every day."Hank and William ran a martial arts school in the San Diego area. Hank was named after his uncle, John Denver, whose real name was Henry John Deutschendorf, Jr.Hank also appeared as himself in the 2017 documentary, "Cleanin' Up the Town: Remembering Ghostbusters."Henry was 29.RIP
Gillian Anderson's got another partner opening her files these days ... and sorry, Mulder, these 'X-Files' are strictly boyfriend privileges.Scully and her bf, Peter Morgan, got steamy sitting poolside in Portofino. She showed off her hard bod in a blue bikini ... which Peter seemed to be fully enjoying. Smart and lucky man.48-year-old Gillian's moved on from her 'X-Files' days, and now stars on the Starz series "American Gods."They might wanna rework that title ... "American Goddess" feels a little more appropriate.
Digital Underground rapper Shock G was arrested for possession of drug paraphernalia after a tour stop in Wisconsin.G got busted when cops pulled him over in Rice Lake, WI around 2 AM on June 13. Cops say the license plate of the vehicle was listed to an unlicensed driver ... who was in the passenger seat, while Shock G drove.It's unclear how cops found the drug paraphernalia in the vehicle, but they arrested the now 53-year-old Shock G. He posted a mere $100 bail upon his release.He had performed with Naughty by Nature 2 days before the arrest.Officers did NOT book Shock G for putting satin on panties.
George Clooney doesn't need your Target gift card for diapers and strollers, because he and Tequila partner Rande Gerber just scored a billion bucks by selling their Casamigos brand.The buyer -- Diageo, a British alcohol beverage company.George and Rande agreed to stay with the company, which means they'll rake in even more.The 2 bros, along with Michael Meldman, created the brand just 4 years ago ... so their return is spectacular.Rande tells TMZ he's shocked at how much money they made, saying, "We never could have imagined it."
Bella Thorne might be trying to become the next model for Carl's Jr., and she's definitely back to hanging out with Scott Disick ... based on these photos.The 19-year-old actress posed in a bikini while getting a grip on a massive burger -- we're not sure why, but we are sure she was doing it in Scott's backyard.We noticed the setting looked familiar, and that's because it's the same exact view from his Hidden Hills pad.Bella also posted a shot of her friend in the Lord's pool. Seems like those flowers he sent her last week really worked. For now.
Moments after Philando Castile was shot dead by Officer Jeronimo Yanez ... his fiancee and her daughter were in the back of a police car, and the just-released video of them is absolutely heartbreaking.You'll recall, Diamond Reynolds broadcast the aftermath of the July 2016 police shooting on Facebook Live. Her then 4-year-old daughter was sitting in the back seat of the car during the shooting, and afterward police put them both in custody.In this video authorities just released ... Reynolds is still screaming in anger in the back of the police cruiser -- and the little girl cries, "Mom, please don't scream 'cause I don't want you to get shooted!"She sobbed and continued begging her mother to calm down.The video was just released because Yanez's trial ended last week. He was found not guilty of manslaughter.
Chanel West Coast's beef with Charlamagne Tha God is all water under the bridge, or will be ... right after she gets in one last shot at him.We got Chanel Tuesday at Pink Taco on Sunset, and asked about her blow-up with Charlamagne on MTV's "Ridiculousness." She went off when he called her a "wack rapper" ... but now says the spat was beneficial for both of them.She got a ton more followers and exposure, and he got a future guest for his show. Maybe.Not sure he'll call Chanel after this last dig. Your move, CTG!
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West have made a deal with a surrogate to have another child ... TMZ has learned.As we reported, Kim has a condition -- placenta accreta -- which makes another pregnancy life-threatening. So Kim and Kanye have found a surrogate through an agency and agreed to pay the following:-- $45,000 in 10, $4,500 monthly installments-- If there are multiples, the surrogate gets $5k for each additional kid-- If the surrogate loses reproductive organs, she gets $4,000Kim and Kanye are also required to deposit $68,850 with the agency.The surrogate is required to refrain from smoking, drinking and drugs during the pregnancy. She also agrees to restrict sexual activities in the weeks leading up to the pregnancy, including foregoing sexual intercourse for 3 weeks following embryo implantation.The surrogate cannot go in hot tubs or saunas, cannot handle or change cat litter, apply hair dye, drink more than one caffeinated beverage per day or eat raw fish.The agreement provides that Kim and Kanye "assume the legal and parental responsibilities for any child ... that may possess any congenital or other abnormalities or defects."
The guy with more money than God just met the guy with a direct line to him.Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones just had a face to face with Pope Francis at the Vatican ... and even gifted his holiness with a customized "Papa Francesco" football jersey.The jersey was signed by Jones and other NFL greats including Curtis Martin and Jim Taylor.No word on what the two talked about. Guessing Jerry negotiated some blessings for his QB, his RB and his WR.Sidenote: Pope's gotta be a Saints fan, right?
Milan Christopher pulled a Kim Kardashian by going full frontal in the next Paper Magazine, and it begs the question ... how does he walk around naked without getting rug burn?The openly gay ex-"Love & Hip Hop: Hollywood" star landed the spread for the mag, and we got the goods before they hit the paper. They're ... well, big.Milan tells Paper ... "You know as a male music artist or man in general showing your male genitalia is so taboo in our culture -- but it's ok for Amber Rose, Kim Kardashian, or Rihanna to do it as females."So, is he bigger than Kim? The black bar points to yes.
Boris Becker -- who reportedly made more than $25 MILLION during his tennis career -- was declared bankrupt in a British court hearing early Wednesday morning.The former #1 ranked player in the world is in the middle of a war with private banking firm Arbuthnot Latham & Co -- which claims Becker has owed them a substantial sum of money dating back to 2015.Becker had been fighting back in court trying to get officials to give him a time extension to get his finances in order -- and claimed that he will have millions of euros at is disposal soon after refinancing a property he owns in Spain.But the court shot him down saying he'd been delaying too long."It is not often the case that a professional person has a judgment outstanding against them since October 2015," the court official said ... "This is a historic debt."Becker's representative John Briggs begged for mercy ... saying, "He is not a sophisticated individual when it comes to finances.
Kim Kardashian opened her home for her KKW Cosmetics launch party, but she shoulda just called the event ... "I'M RICH(er) BEEATCH!!"Kim's brand new makeup line goes on sale Wednesday ... so she threw a bash in her Bel-Air mansion, complete with Kanye, North, Kris Jenner and a ceiling lined with white flowers.Pretty extraordinary for Kim to throw a party at home, especially after the Paris robbery -- but then again ... it's not every day you make the kinda dough she's about to make.Industry experts predict -- probably based on Kylie Jenner's lip kit success -- KKW's opening sales will put about $14 million in Kim's pockets ... in a matter of 5 minutes!Sorry, Wonder Woman ... shoulda got in the makeup game.
Lady Gaga's last day of Spring played out just like the 'Little Mermaid' t- shirt she was wearing Tuesday while out with her agent-turned-boyfriend, Christian Carino.The couple looked totally enamored with each other on a beach walk Tuesday in the Hamptons. News they were dating first came out in February, around Gaga's Super Bowl halftime gig.Sure, she recently made out with Bradley Cooper for "A Star Is Born" -- but now it was Christian's turn to kiss the girl. And in case he needed any help ...Percussion ...Strings ...Winds ...Words ...There you see her, sitting across the way...
Chris Hardwick thinks Wonder Woman's paycheck needs to match Iron Man's ... 'cause the actress playing her is just as good as Robert Downey Jr., if not better.We got Chris -- who's a certified comic book nerd(ist) for this kind of stuff -- and asked what sort of money Gal Gadot should negotiate for in any coming "Wonder Woman" sequels ... this after learning she earned just $300k for 3 movies each.Chris doesn't mince words -- he says she's in RDJ territory now after 'WW' killed with audiences across the world. And his suggestion is on par with RDJ's salary for at least the last few 'Iron Man' flicks.
Mason Disick is no fair-weather fan because he's still wearing Tristan Thompson's No. 13 jersey.Kourtney Kardashian and her 8-year-old tag teamed it Tuesday in Calabasas both looking sporty.We're guessing Mason's jersey was a gift from Aunt Khloe, who's been dating Thompson since last Summer. His aunt's bf pick clearly came with perks, including seats to Finals games.Could be worse ... like still rooting for the Lakers during last year's 26-56 season.
12:01 PM PT -- Law enforcement sources tell us the nanny made off with $36,820 from Parker ... with around $15,000 of that coming just from withdraws at a local CVS. Parker caught on to her nanny after her bank alerted her to "possible fraudulent transactions."Mary-Louise Parker's nanny may have taken some serious liberties with the "Weeds" star's debit card ... allegedly stealing more than $30k when she was supposed to be shopping for the kids.The nanny, Amanda Hoston-St. Louis, was arrested Monday after cops say she illegally withdrew more than $3k from Parker's account twice in April. The nanny allegedly had access to the star's debit card and PIN number.Parker's bank notified her about the transactions ... prompting cops to investigate.Cops say it wasn't the first time the nanny dipped into Parker's account -- she's allegedly been making withdrawals since 2016 ... totaling more than $30k ... as first reported by the NY Daily News.
A major human rights org is calling for the Basketball Hall of Fame to BOOT Dennis Rodman over his relationship with Kim Jong-un -- saying it's not right to publicly support a "murderer."The Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation -- a non-profit org established by Congress in '94 -- is furious with The Worm over his recent visit to N. Korea and his ongoing relationship with the country's leader.VOC says KJU has "blood on his hands" for the "murder" of American citizen, Otto Warmbier, and they're demanding Rodman either condemn Jong-un ... or else."Dennis Rodman’s complacency and coddling of Kim Jong-un romanticizes and makes light of how dangerous North Korea is to it's own people and Americans who travel there. Removing Rodman from the Hall of Fame will send a message that all Americans are united against this regime."The VOC has started a petition on Change.org to get Dennis out of the HOF -- and exec. director Marion Smith is putting pressure on the NBA to essentially excommunicate him from the pro basketball community.We've reached out to Rodman's camp for comment -- so far, no word back.
Prodigy must have been hurting bad Saturday night, because during the after-party he was in such bad shape he was wheeled out on a stretcher and taken to the hospital where he later died.The Mobb Deep rapper arrived at The Mirage for the official after-party at 1OAK. He was supposed to perform, but at around 1:30 AM Sunday he told people he was feeling bad and those around him were so concerned they put him on the gurney.The emergency followed an incident earlier in the evening ... where he was supposed to meet with fans at an earlier concert that day but canceled because he was feeling ill.We got a photo of the rapper being wheeled out the back of The Mirage.TMZ broke the story ... Prodigy died Tuesday morning, but the cause of death has not been determined.
Kato Kaelin's not expecting to hear from O.J. Simpson after more than 22 years, when he becomes a free man, but if he gets a call ... he probably won't answer it.The famed witness tells TMZ he thinks O.J. should go into hiding after his expected release from prison later this year.
Migos' Takeoff got the baddest and boujee-est birthday present from the group's other 2 members ... and they managed to keep it in theme with his newest acquisition ... a cosmic chain.Offset and Quavo surprised Takeoff with a $33k ring bedazzled with 13 carats of diamonds. Best of all, it comes with a detachable spaceship ... get it?Wafi Lalani of Jewelry Unlimited in Atlanta, GA dropped it off Saturday. The ring came in a box with a small video screen that played their music video for "Slippery" when it's opened, so even the packaging was next level.We already told you about Takeoff's out of this world chain valued at $500k.Boujee-est.


The Electric Daisy Carnival was grossly unprepared for medical emergencies, and as a result, a 24-year-old man died after taking Ecstasy ... according to his father, who's now suing Live Nation and the festival's founder.Nicholas Tom attended the annual 3-day festival in Las Vegas back in 2015. His father, Terry Tom, admits Nicholas popped Ecstasy during the concert -- and in 110 degree heat -- had a seizure and started foaming at the mouth.In the suit, Mr. Tom says good Samaritans came to Nicholas's aid ... carrying him around looking for a medical tent, which took more than 30 minutes. Once they did, he claims volunteer staffers had no medical experience, and the actual medics had "their hands full and were unavailable."He says Nicholas died on the floor of the medical tent.According to the suit, festival organizers are well aware concertgoers take drugs, especially Ecstasy. Mr. Tom says at least one person has died each year at EDC events put on by the defendants, dating back to 2006.In fact, one man died just this past weekend at EDC Las Vegas.Tom says EDC should have had proper medical services, trained medical staff, and abundant water for the festival which was attended by 135,000 people. He's suing for wrongful death and negligence.
Jermaine Dupri -- like millions of hip-hop fans -- is mourning the loss of Prodigy from Mobb Deep ... whom he calls one of his favs.We got the rapper at LAX, where he gave his condolences and mad props to Prodigy and the hardcore East Coast sound he created.Dupri ticks off a couple of his favorite Mobb Deep records ... which had a huge influence on his career.
CBS Radio honchos gave an African-American employee a warm welcome by yelling, "Obama!" when she walked in the office -- think Norm on "Cheers," but more racist ... according to her lawsuit, anyway.The woman was not flattered by the reference, and is suing CBS Radio in NYC ... claiming she was frequently harassed, intimidated and worse. In the docs, obtained by TMZ, she says other interactions were more menacing than the Presidential greeting.For instance, she claims when she asked a supervisor a question, he replied, "I'd shoot this bitch if I had a gun." According to the suit, another supervisor overheard, asked what was going on ... and the first supervisor barked, "Chicago Double tags, bitch!"She says she was confused and scared by the comment.The woman, who was fired, also describes a frat house environment. According to the suit, a male supervisor once described a massage to another manager -- while in earshot of others -- and said, "Rub-n-tugs" are the best.She says she was fired because she complained about these issues, although CBS told her she was canned for being late for work.
You're looking at the most black people ever on the set of "Friends" ... courtesy of the L.A. Rams!The Rams' rookie class hit up the Warner Bros. Studios in Burbank, CA on Monday for a spectacular VIP tour of the backlot ... which included Central Perk.Serious question ... these guys are in their early 20s. Do you think any of them have ever seen a full episode of "Friends"?Doesn't matter ... the guys had a blast anyway visiting other iconic Warner Bros. movie stuff --- including Harry Potter's broom, the Batmobile and more!WR's Cooper Kupp and Shakeir Ryan even went behind bars in the jail cell from "Suicide Squad."Other must-dos ... visit the Hollywood sign, survive an earthquake, go to the Walk of Fame and leave disappointed and get stuck on the 405.Welcome to L.A.!
Philando Castile's fatal shooting at the hands of Officer Jeronimo Yanez is being seen in police dash cam for the first time ... and it shows Yanez firing a least 7 shots at point-blank range.Yanez was found not guilty last week of manslaughter in the July 2016 shooting. The deadly incident had only been seen previously in the aftermath video Philando's girlfriend broadcast on Facebook Live. The police video was released Tuesday.Castile was pulled over in Falcon Heights, Minnesota for a busted taillight. In this video, you can hear Castile inform Yanez he has a gun in the car. The officer tells him not to reach for it, Castile tries to explain he's NOT reaching for it ... and then the shooting began.Officer Yanez claimed he feared for his life during the traffic stop.
Corinne Olympios isn't ready to accept Warner Bros.' word about what went down between her and DeMario Jackson on the "Bachelor in Paradise" set, and she's continuing her own investigation.Corinne's high-powered attorney, Marty Singer, says, "It comes as no surprise that Warner Bros., as a result of its own internal investigation, would state that no wrong doing had occurred. Our own investigation will continue based on multiple new witnesses coming forward revealing what they saw and heard.”Singer also points out ... it was one of the show's own producers who thought something was improper on set -- “It needs to be made crystal clear that production of 'Bachelor in Paradise' was shut down because of multiple complaints received from 'BIP' producers and crew members on the set. It was not shut down due to any complaint filed by Corinne against anyone."Corinne has yet to say IF she's suing, and if so ... who she'd sue. She was tight-lipped in Hollywood after the Warner Bros. announcement.
Prodigy choked on an egg Tuesday morning in the hospital, where he'd been getting treatment for a bout with sickle cell anemia ... TMZ has learned.Multiple sources -- connected to Prodigy and the investigation into his death -- tell us he choked on the egg ... however, it's still unclear if that ultimately caused his death. We're told officials are trying to find out if it was the choking or the sickle cell symptoms he'd been battling for days.We're told Prodigy had to be pulled out of a fan meet-and-greet event after Saturday night's concert in Las Vegas ... because his security team noticed he was struggling. It appears his sickle cell was exacerbated by extreme desert temps -- it was reportedly as hot as 110 during the concert. The disease made him prone to dehydration and weakened his immune system.We're told on his way out of the venue, Prodigy told Ice-T goodbye ... and headed to his hotel to get some rest.His condition worsened -- his publicist says Prodigy had to be hospitalized some time after that.
O.J. Simpson is one step closer to being a free man ... his official parole hearing date has been set for July 20.A rep for the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners has confirmed the date and says if things go well, Simpson could be released as early as October 1.Simpson will not attend the hearing in person -- he will be videoconferenced in from the Lovelock Correctional Center in Nevada.69-year-old Simpson was arrested in 2007 on several armed robbery and kidnapping charges after stealing sports memorabilia from a Vegas hotel room. He was convicted in 2008 and has been locked up ever since.He was sentenced to 33 years in prison, with the eligibility for parole after 9 years.
Prodigy, one half of Mobb Deep, has died in Las Vegas ... TMZ has learned.His publicist says he was hospitalized "a few days ago in Vegas after a Mobb Deep performance for complications caused by a sickle cell anemia crisis. As most of his fans know, Prodigy battled the disease since birth."The publicist added ... "the exact cause of death has not been determined."Prodigy was in Vegas over the weekend performing with the Art of Rap tour ... with Ghostface Killah, Onyx, KRS-One, and Ice-T ... to name a few. Mobb Deep performed Saturday night.Prodigy and his partner, Havoc, formed Mobb Deep in NYC in the early '90s. Their biggest hits include "Quiet Storm" and "Shook Ones."He was 42.Prodigy even broke into the cooking biz last year when he published, "Commissary Kitchen: My Infamous Prison Cookbook." He talked to us about it on TMZ Live.
Sir Daniel Day-Lewis -- one of the most iconic actors in the last quarter century with 3 Oscars to his name -- has reportedly quit the biz.Daniel's rep released a statement saying he will no longer be working as an actor. She added, "He is immensely grateful to all of his collaborators and audiences over the many years. This is a private decision and neither he nor his representatives will make any further comment on this subject."Daniel showed immense range playing a slew of captivating roles. He won Oscars for Best Actor in "Lincoln," "My Left Foot" and "There Will Be Blood." He also earned 2 nominations for "Gangs of New York" and "In the Name of the Father."The 60-year-old's legendary career spanned 4 decades. He'll appear one last time in "Phantom Thread" when it's released later this year. Variety first reported the news.
Ex-NFL lineman Ryan O'Callaghan -- who played for the Patriots and the Chiefs -- has come out as gay ... and says it was an NFL team staffer who helped save his life.O'Callaghan was selected by New England in the 5th round of the 2006 NFL Draft -- and protected Tom Brady in 2007, the year they won the AFC title and went to the Super Bowl.O'Callaghan tells OutSports.com he wrestled with his sexuality during his entire football career -- and used football "as kind of my cover for my life.""Football was the most masculine thing I could do," O'Callaghan told Cyd Zeigler.O'Callaghan says when he knew his football career was ending in 2011, he planned on killing himself. He wrote a suicide note and had guns -- but didn't go through with it.Fortunately, Kansas City Chiefs trainer, David Price﻿, noticed he wasn't being himself and advised him to talk to the team's counselor.Ryan says he took Price's advice and it saved his life. He later came out to family and friends -- and got the love and support he needed.Now, O'Callaghan says he loves life and is glad he decided to go public.He also says he never faced bigotry from teammates and believes NFL teams are ready for openly gay players in the locker room.
DJ Khaled says they didn't want him to succeed at the EDC Festival in Vegas, but EDC organizers say it just ain't so ... and it was only equipment problems that screwed him.Khaled was, understandably, pissed off when his Sunday night set went to crap -- after repeated sound issues and tons of stalling ... he was eventually booed offstage. Khaled was furious, calling out EDC crew for holding him backstage for 90 minutes while they tried to fix his sound.Pasquale Rotella -- CEO and founder of Insomniac, which hosts EDC -- says, "Due to technical difficulties beyond DJ Khaled and Insomniac's control, Khaled was not able to perform at his scheduled time on Sunday night at EDC."Rotella says Khaled was the consummate pro, arriving on time and ready to perform ... so EDC's definitely not blaming him.A source connected to the festival tells us there was no “sabotage,” as Khaled claimed.They🚷 Tried to sabotage my sound so many times THEY couldnot get the sound right on my set and i still stood on stage wit no sound and when they got the sound to work they want cut my set short but I still rep for my people anyone else would walk off stage .. i knew my California and Vegas fans was in the building .. THEY🚷 DONT WANT US TO WIN SO WE WIN MORE FOR THERE HEAD TOP!!! It's all luv thoe .. love is the 🔑.. I forgive them ... love is always the answer !
The investigation into alleged sexual assault on "Bachelor in Paradise" is over ... and the conclusion -- no sexual assault, TMZ has learned, and the show will go on.TMZ broke the story ... the show was put on ice after a producer claimed Corinne Olympios was so drunk she was not capable of consenting to oral sex in a swimming pool with DeMario Jackson.Warner Bros. put the show on hold during the investigation. As we reported, multiple people who saw the video claim Corinne was "fully engaged" and lucid throughout the sexual encounter.We're told the investigation is now complete and the finding was there was no sexual assault.We're told DeMario's lawyer met with Warner Bros. lawyers Monday, reviewed the tapes and assured him he was in the clear.Our sources say filming will resume in the same location in Mexico. The show will air this summer.As for the swimming pool incident, Warner Bros. says it will not be released.As for Corinne and DeMario ... we're told no decisions have been made on whether they'll be on the show.
The mystery man turns out to be Kevin Yorn, who is not just a high-powered lawyer ... he's Scarlett's lawyer.Scarlett Johansson is living her best dating life possible ... taking a mystery man out on the town in NYC.ScarJo and the guy we'll just call Lucky, for now, had a romantic dinner at Scalinatella on the Upper East Side over the weekend. Afterward, they strolled the streets and held hands like a couple o' newly dating kids tend to do.Earlier this year, Scarlett filed for divorce from Romain Dauriac -- but she's clearly not putting herself on the shelf.Most recently, she reportedly went on a few dates with 'SNL'er Colin Jost.
Another day, another guy saying Mayweather is going to kick the hell out of Conor McGregor ... this time it's George Lopez who says the fight is so lopsided, McGregor won't land a single punch.George was out at LAX when he was asked his thoughts on the superfight set to go down at T-Mobile Arena (sorry, Ice Cube) on August 26.Floyd's not only gonna win the fight, but George says it won't even be a watchable contest -- because McGregor will be swingin' at air.
"Wonder Woman" star Gal Gadot has a message for the studio that produced her mega-hit flick ... open your wallet -- wide.Reports have surfaced Gadot made just $300,000 for each of the 3 movies she made with the studio -- "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," "Wonder Woman" and the yet-to-be-released "Justice League.""Wonder Woman" has become the driver of the 2017 box office, pulling in $570 million worldwide in less than 3 weeks.We're told the $300k is about right, but sources familiar with the negotiations tell TMZ she has "huge performance bonuses" for "Wonder Woman" and she will end up with many times the base salary.We're also told Gadot is planning a "major renegotiation" of her deal for sequels ... something common when relatively unknown actors make bare bones deals but then hit it big.Here's what we know about Hollywood ... she's going to be a very rich woman.
Brace yourself, Barbie ... Ken's kicking some brand new flava!Mattel just rolled out a bunch of new Ken dolls with a lot more diversity -- new races, hairstyles and body types -- and we're thinking the guys in the factory might have had certain celebs in mind.In all, California blonde Ken now has 15 new bros to hang with, and we paired 'em up with their doppelgangers.
Beyonce's twins were premature and are "under the lights" to normalize ... this according to sources connected with the family.We're told Beyonce did not go full-term ... which was not apparent on the surface. Beyonce announced her pregnancy February 1.TMZ broke the story ... the twins have been in the hospital since their birth a week ago Tuesday with a "minor issue."Our sources say the babies are "under the lights." They would not be more specific, but that often means the babies have jaundice because of elevated bilirubin levels. The lights are designed to lower bilirubin in the blood to eliminate the jaundice.The condition is common among preemies and in most cases not dangerous.
No wonder Swizz Beatz went back to bed after learning he'd been sued for $42 million -- he thought it was BS, and now a judge agrees ... she's tossed the car theft lawsuit against him.The music producer scored the victory Monday, when the judge said the car leasing company, Metro-Gem, couldn't offer any facts to prove Swizz conspired to stiff the company.As we reported .... Metro claimed it plunked down millions so Swizz's company could acquire fancy cars. It sought $42 mil in damages, but the judge said no dice.
Miles Teller blames a San Diego bar for overserving him and putting him in a state that got him arrested.This video was shot at PB Shore Club ... the place Miles and his buddies were partying Saturday night. TMZ broke the story ... Miles got so drunk he attracted the attention of a cop who saw him on a sidewalk, nearly falling into traffic. Police say Miles was uncooperative and they ended up arresting and booking him for public intoxication.Late Monday he simply said, "I blame Shore Club" -- insinuating the bartenders shoulda cut him off.
Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna are back on again ... or at the very least getting it on again.Rob showed up at Chyna's doorstep last week and hasn't left.We showed you how they spent Father's Day ... at Disneyland with 7-month-old Dream. As we said, it didn't make a whole lot of sense for them to take an infant to a theme park she can't appreciate, so it seems liked it was more for them than the kid.Now we've found out Rob's been there every day and every night ... going on a week. They've been socializing with friends and family with BBQ's and a pool party, and they've taken hikes together.Chyna dropped a ton of cash on gifts for Father's Day, including a Louis Vuitton bag, a customized Dodgers hat, sneakers and white and blue roses emblazoned with an "R."We're told this has nothing to do with a TV show or business ... they're back into each other, at least for now.
"Wife Swap" double murder suspect Jacob Stockdale used a shotgun to kill his mother and brother, both of whom were shot in the head ... according to cops.Law enforcement sources tell us Jacob fired twice at his mom, Kathryn with the 20-gauge shotgun and left her body in an upstairs bathroom in their Ohio home.Jacob allegedly shot his younger brother, James, once in the head near the front door ... then unloaded on himself about 10 feet from James' body. Jacob shot himself in the face with the shotgun ... and miraculously survived.Sources close to the case tell us Jacob was trying to communicate with officers when they arrived, but they couldn't understand him. He was last listed in critical condition after being choppered to a hospital.One last thing ... we're told Jacob's father was not home at the time of the shooting, and was stopped less than a mile from the home on his way back from work when cops broke the news.
Kenya Moore's best wedding gift came from a judge, who gave her some long-term protection, a 1-year restraining order against her ex-bf Matt Jordan ... TMZ has learned.The judge granted the protective order earlier this month. Her temporary restraining order against Jordan ended back in April when she no-showed for court. At the time, she told us she'd been unable to find Matt to serve him.Per the court's order, Matt has to stay at least 200 yards away from Kenya and her family ... which now includes her new husband.Kenya posted pics from her surprise (to all of us) wedding in St. Lucia. As for the who the groom is? She ain't saying.
LaVar Ball isn't letting the headlines get to him -- telling TMZ Sports he's still 100% convinced the Lakers will call Lonzo Ball's name with the #2 pick in the draft.The entire Ball clan -- LaVar, LaMelo, LiAngelo and Lonzo -- are in NYC for the 2017 NBA Draft ... and of course, LaVar is as confident as ever."Everybody knows [Lonzo] going to be a Laker," he declared ... even after reports surfaced the Lakers weren't sold after his first private workout with the team.We also asked about the BBB sneakers -- LaVar said we can expect a second model "soon."


Rachel Lindsay was brought to tears on "The Bachelorette" ... and it was mostly about her inner struggle with being the first black woman calling the shots on the long-running series.There's been A LOT of fighting and bickering among Rachel's guys this season, and that definitely was part of her breakdown -- but on Monday night's episode, she made it clear racial pressure is weighing heavy on her.Rachel insinuates she's going to catch heat from the black community for some of her rose ceremony choices.
Mackenzie's legal team says, "This is a frivolous lawsuit, which we intend to prove in a court of law. This is yet another example of a production company taking advantage of a young rising star.”Former "Dance Moms" star Mackenzie Ziegler is two-timing a music producer by bailing on performances and record sessions, and working with another producer on the side ... according to a lawsuit.Kismet Music is going after 13-year-old Mackenzie and her mom, Melissa Gisoni ... saying they breached their 2014 deal.In the docs, Kismet says when it signed Mackenzie -- who has more than a million YouTube followers -- she agreed to "deliver technically and commercially satisfactory records." In exchange, Kismet would try to secure a recording contract and distribution deal for her.The producers say Mackenzie and her mom didn't seem to have any issues with the contract when they were cashing checks associated with music released under the deal -- but in 2016 something changed. According to the suit, Mackenzie started skipping recording sessions and meetings -- and when Kismet tried to contact her, at least 14 times ... radio silence.Maddie Ziegler's kid sister is also working with another producer, a clear violation of her exclusivity deal with Kismet ... according to the suit.Kismet is suing for 15% of Mackenzie's net profits under the deal.
Tiger Woods says he's getting "professional help" for his issues with prescription medication in the wake of his DUI arrest -- but he's not describing the situation as rehab."I'm currently receiving professional help to manage my medications and the ways that I deal with back pain and a sleep disorder," Woods said in a statement."I want to thank everyone for the amazing outpouring of support and understanding especially the fans and players on tour."As we previously reported, Woods was arrested on May 29 in Jupiter, FL -- and was extremely out of it. He could barely stand up straight and couldn't tie his shoes.Woods blamed his state on a bad mixture of prescription medication.Woods going public about the professional help could well be a strategy in his pending DUI case. It's often used to show the judge that he's taking his problem seriously, which could affect sentencing.Woods was spotted out in Florida with his kids over the weekend -- so it doesn't appear he's in a live-in facility for his treatment.
Cedric the Entertainer's family suffered nausea, nosebleeds, vomiting and vertigo because the Southern California Gas Company allowed an environmental catastrophe to unfold ... according to the lawsuit he just filed.In the docs, Cedric says the Gas Co. is responsible for releasing massive amounts of natural gas, hazardous chemicals and toxic pollutants into the air, starting in October, 2015. In SoCal the disaster's known as the Porter Ranch gas leak.According to the suit, obtained by TMZ, the leak went on without interruption for nearly 4 months ... releasing around 100,000 tons of natural gas. The suit says that's 220 times greater volume than the amount of oil released during the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.Cedric says the leak happened because the Gas Company failed to replace an emergency safety valve back in 1979.Aside from their medical issues, Cedric says the leak also hit him in the wallet ... as his property value has plummeted.
2:08 PM PT -- Miles just tweeted, "Went down to SD to see my buddy before he deployed. I wasn't arrested I was detained bc there was no evidence to charge me with a crime."For the record, the San Diego PD tells TMZ Miles was arrested and booked for misdemeanor public intoxication. They also took a mug shot. Miles Teller was arrested early Sunday morning after he was literally falling down drunk and refusing to cooperate with cops ... law enforcement sources tell TMZ.Teller was partying with a group of guys in San Diego when an officer noticed the actor was having trouble standing on the sidewalk. We're told the cop walked up to Miles and started questioning him, but he quickly became uncooperative.Our sources say that's when Teller lost his balance and almost fell into a traffic lane. The cop cuffed him, and Miles had trouble standing in one spot.Now the turning point. San Diego offers a detox program where cops will take someone who is drunk to a center run by volunteers. The center has cots where someone can stay for 4 hours and sleep it off. The cop offered to take Miles there but we're told he refused.At that point Miles could have been arrested, but cops still took him to the detox center ... hoping he'd cooperate. That didn't happen. We're told he refused to follow directions so the staff rejected him.At that point, Miles was arrested for being drunk in public ... a misdemeanor. He was in jail for around 4 hours and he was released without bail.
Kim Kardashian seemed to go all micro when she bought 2 Pomeranians for her daughter and niece, but turns out she took a much safer route.Kim posted this pup pic, showing off the pooches she got North and Penelope. Micro Poms -- which are sometimes under 3 pounds -- carry with them serious health issues, including underdeveloped organs, diabetes, as well as thyroid and breathing problems.We checked around and even though the Poms look super tiny, we're told they're not micro, based on facial features and their coats. The dogs are teacup Poms.Life expectancy for teacup Poms are 7 to 14 years, so North and Penelope could enjoy their pups well into their teens.
Jay-Z is out and about in L.A. and smiling like the proud new dad he is ... which could mean there's good news where Beyonce and the twins are concerned.Jay was in West Hollywood Monday morning -- the first time he's been spotted away from the hospital since Bey gave birth almost a week ago. TMZ broke the story ... the newborn boy and girl have remained in the hospital due to a "minor issue."Unclear what Jay-Z was doing, but he was leaving a complex that has a SoulCycle ... and we know he's been known to get his SC on from time to time.We're told he's been at the hospital with Bey and the twins nearly round the clock, and was seen arriving there early Monday morning.He didn't have much to say to photogs outside SoulCycle, but we're hoping the smile said it all.
Otto Warmbier -- the U.S. citizen who was just released by North Korea -- died Monday in Cincinnati.Otto was in a coma when N. Korea set him free last week. He'd been at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center since then. He was surrounded by family when he passed away ... according to a statement from the Warmbiers.The family said, "Unfortunately, the awful torturous mistreatment our son received at the hands of the North Koreans ensured that no other outcome was possible beyond the sad one we experienced today."Otto, a University of Virginia student, had been sentenced to 15 years in prison last year after he allegedly tried to take down a political propaganda sign in Pyongyang. N. Korean officials claim he contracted botulism, and after they gave him a sleeping pill ... he never woke up.Otto was 22.President Trump said, "Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier on his untimely passing. Otto’s fate deepens my Administration’s determination to prevent such tragedies from befalling innocent people at the hands of regimes that do not respect the rule of law or basic human decency."
The co-creators of "Duck Dynasty" are about to get back in business ... and if their business partners dare try to squeeze them out they will have hell to pay.Scott and Deirdre Gurney, the co-creators of the once wildly popular show, were thrown out of the business by ITV, the British network that co-owned the show.A judge ruled back in March that ITV had no right to 86 the Gurneys and ordered the network to let them back in. That apparently didn't happen.Friday, a judge just laid down the law in terms that could not be more clear ... if ITV doesn't let the Gurneys back in, they will be socked with a $12k fine.The order requires ITV to allow Scott and Deirdre access to company emails, the right to hire/fire staff and access to at least $500k to spend on development.ITV and the Gurneys are in the midst of a feud stemming from the Gurneys suing ITV for $100 million claiming they were wrongfully terminated. ITV countered that the Gurneys were engaged in fraud.
DeMario Jackson says he wouldn't have hooked up with Corinne Olympios if he knew she had a BF ... this from the guy who got kicked off "The Bachelorette" for having a GF.DeMario was out Sunday in L.A. when a pap asked if he would have done what he did in the pool with Corinne if he'd known? DeMario says absolutely not.It's interesting though -- DeMario was booted from Rachel Lindsay's 'Bachelorette' season and got made into a villain after he was caught lying about his then-girlfriend ... who isn't a big fan of his to this day.
Michelle Obama is continuing to move her body even after leaving the White House, and it looks like these days she could take anyone down in arm wrestling.The former First Lady posted a series of pics from a boot camp over the weekend in Washington D.C. where she and Barack have been living since leaving the White House.Michelle says the intense workout session is a tradition she started while in the White House and looks like it's still going strong, especially when it comes to her upper body.One thing's for sure, Michelle and Barack are looking better than ever since leaving the White House.
Asian-American rock group, The Slants, are free and clear to trademark their name after a Supreme Court ruling in their favor.The Slants had attempted to trademark their controversial name back in 2011, but the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office shot them down based on the name being disparaging.Monday, the Supreme Court said that law violates free speech, and therefore the trademark should be granted. It's a victory for the band, and potentially for the Washington Redskins ... whose trademark request was denied on the same grounds.The Court's decision opens the door to a slew of arguably offensive language being trademarked.
Carrie Fisher had cocaine, morphine, codeine and oxycodone in her system when she was hospitalized after suffering a massive heart attack on board a flight to LAX.The L.A. County Coroner released its full autopsy, including toxicology, and it revealed the slew of drugs. In addition to the cocaine and opiates found in a urine analysis ... there was also a very little amount of MDMA, commonly known as ecstasy, and heroin. The dose and time both drugs were taken could not be determined.The report says it's unclear how much of a role, if any, the drugs played in her death on Dec. 27.As we told you on Friday, the coroner announced "sleep apnea and other undetermined factors" were the cause of death.Story developing ...
Bobbi Kristina Brown's grave now has her headstone in place ... between her mother and grandfather.The headstone is inscribed, "Resting Peacefully" and also has a musical note along the border. Bobbi Kristina was laid to rest in a family plot, right next to Whitney Houston.It appears loved ones have visited the New Jersey cemetery recently -- flowers and an angel-like figurine have been placed on the marker.Bobbi Kristina's headstone was installed as the investigation into her death continues. As we reported ... authorities in Georgia spoke to Nick Gordon's current girlfriend after he was arrested for assaulting her.Gordon remains a person of interest in Bobbi Kristina's death.
How much does it cost to party with Rob Gronkowski for a night? More than most people make in a year ... 'cause Gronk and Co. racked up a HUGE $100k tab at a casino nightclub over the weekend.TMZ Sports obtained the itemized receipt for Gronk and his 20-man party crew at Shrine at Foxwoods Resort Casino in Connecticut this weekend.We spoke with a PR rep for the Shrine bar who says the receipt is legit. It's pretty awesome.In total, Gronk's gang tore through 160 BOTTLES OF CHAMPAGNE including:- 18 bottles of Ace of Spades Rose: $18,000- 15 bottles of Dom Perignon Rose: $27,000There's more ... including 16 bottles of Grey Goose for $10,400, 45 orders of Maker's Mark, 24 shots of Jim Beam Fire, 3 bottles of Don Julio 1942. These guys weren't messin' around.It's unclear who footed the bill (most likely the casino) ... but it's not like Gronk can't afford it anyway -- dude's gonna make more than $4 mil next year.It's good to be Gronk.
Metallica vs. Napster, Slash vs. Axl, Pearl Jam vs. Ticketmaster ...  and now there's Twenty One Pilots vs Coachella after the rap rock duo blasted the desert festival over the weekend onstage in front of thousands.The band was headlining Firefly Music Festival in Dover, Delaware Friday night when frontman Tyler Joseph gave Coachella a scathing review: "It's not that we don't like Coachella, it's just that we can't stand it."It's unclear if Tyler was just pumping up the crowd, but Coachella gets a bad rep for being an overcrowded cash cow where people care more about their outfits than the music onstage. Twenty One Pilots has never played the festival, but interestingly enough, both Coachella and Firefly are produced by promoter Goldenvoice. So, if anything, it seems the diss was aimed at the type of crowd Coachella draws.
Ice Cube has a message for Conor and Floyd -- if you want the site, the money's gotta be right.The rap icon -- who also runs the BIG3 basketball league -- appeared on "Undisputed" on FS1 Monday morning to address the standoff over the T-Mobile Arena.As we previously reported, McGregor and Mayweather have been promoting their August 26 fight at the T-Mobile Arena. Problem is, Cube already had the venue booked for the BIG3 championship game.But there's a solution -- cash.Cube says he's absolutely willing to move if the MayMac people "do what they're supposed to do and make us happy."
11:24 PM PT-- Akon just set the record straight -- saying he fell on purpose to crowd surf and get extra close with his fans -- he also posted a video from an alternate angle to support his claim.Akon fell for Canada ... and he really struggled to get up.The singer was in the middle of a performance Sunday night at The Ranch Roadhouse in Edmonton when he decided to do a little crowd surfing.No big deal ... it's what artists do -- but when Akon hopped up on the shoulders of a couple fans things started going downhill fast. We can laugh now, because he eventually resurfaced ... unscathed. We think.And his reaction to getting swallowed up by the crowd was the best -- Akon just tried to catch another wave! If at first you don't succeed ... eh?Still way safer than XXXTentacion's crowd interaction ...
"Bachelor in Paradise" has a happy ending ... at least for last season, because two of its stars just tied the knot.Evan Bass and Carly Waddell from 'BIP' season 3 said their "I do's" during a beach wedding near Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.ABC will air the wedding despite controversy over 'BIP' and sexual assault allegations made by Corinne Olympios against DeMario Jackson and producers. Warner Bros is investigating.
"American Idol" has its sights set on judge #2 for the reboot ... and we're told it's Lionel Richie.'A.I.' sources tell TMZ ... producers think Richie's legendary music career makes him a perfect pick ... credibility and a knack for honing in on what will become popular. Richie is also extremely outgoing, which makes for good TV.We don't know if the 'A.I.' folks have formally reached out to Richie. We contacted Richie's people, but so far they're mum.The question ... how much can producers afford to pay Richie, or for that matter any judge who fills the vacant seats? They paid a queen's ransom to Katy Perry -- $25 million -- which essentially blew their intended judge's budget.As we reported ... Ryan Seacrest is about to sign a deal to host the new version for somewhere between $10M and $15M.
The Stockdales, the "Wife Swap" family now at the center of a double murder investigation, were headed for trouble years ago due to their parenting style ... according to the woman who swapped with them.Laurie Tonkovic recalled a specific incident with Jacob Stockdale, the son suspected of murdering his brother and mother before attempting to kill himself last week. Laurie swapped with Kathryn Stockdale in 2008, and says when she allowed Jacob and his 3 brothers to have more freedom ... Jacob freaked out.She says he was terrified his religious parents would be mad and he would "burn in hell." Laurie believes he'd finally had enough of the strict environment, and snapped on his family.As we reported ... cops say he shot and killed Kathryn and 21-year-old James. He shot himself, but survived. He's in critical condition.
Hip hop mogul Master P says there ain't nothing wrong with LaVar Ball's hustle ... telling TMZ Sports he respects the man's game so much he's gonna buy a pair of those $500 ZO2s to support the cause.P sat down with us and talked about what it's like to be the father of a basketball phenom -- his son, Hercy, is one of the best 8th graders in America -- and wanted his thoughts on LaVar's parenting.Obviously, LaVar's gotten his fair share of controversy, but P's not on board with that, saying that he believes LaVar has a clear vision for his family, and is willing to support it with his substantial wallet.
10:10 PM PT -- Cops say one person has died and at least 8 were injured in the attack. One person has been arrested.A number of people have been seriously injured after a van plowed into groups of pedestrians near a notorious Muslim mosque.The incident occurred just after midnight.  London police say there are a number of casualties.The Muslim Council of Britain says the van ran over a number of worshipers as they left the mosque.The mosque has had a history of attracting Islamist militants, including the "shoebomber" Richard Reid and 9/11 terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui.One person has been arrested but police are not saying if they believe more than one individual was part of the attack.
Gary Cole -- known for his roles on "Veep" and of course as Bill Lumbergh in "Office Space" -- is heading for divorce with his wife of 25 years.Actress Teddi Siddall filed the legal docs last week to end their marriage. The couple wed in 1992 but she lists February 8, 2015 as their date of separation. They have a 24-year-old daughter together.Siddall's asking for spousal support from Cole, as well as adult child support for their daughter, Mary, who has autism.So basically, Teddi is saying -- Gary, if you could go ahead and pay both of us some money in this divorce ... that'd be grrreat.
Bob Barker had a nasty fall at home that scared him, so paramedics came and he took a trip to the ER.We've learned the TV legend was in the bathroom of his Hollywood Hills home last week when he slipped, fell and hit his head. He called 911 and paramedics showed up to check him out but he didn't want them taking him to the hospital by ambulance, so his housekeeper drove him.We're told there was no blood or visible injuries but Bob was pretty shaken, which is understandable after he took a nasty fall and split his head open back in October 2015.The 93-year-old spent a couple hours in the ER and underwent a bunch of tests. Good news ... he's ok.No word if Adam Sandler paid him another visit.
Rich the Kid has lived up to his name after a huge payday from his new record label, so he can afford to crank up his bling game.The rapper hit up NYC Luxury for some fresh ice the day after signing his $2.5 million deal with Interscope. We're told he got a chain, a diamond Audemars Piguet watch and bracelet for $140k and has another chain being made with the "Rich Forever 3" album logo ... for north of $100k.We got the Kid out in Midtown Manhattan showing off his new choker chain ... all 34 carats and 380 gold grams.

Remember Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna ﻿had a kid together? We almost forgot too ... until we saw they'd all resurfaced at Disneyland for Father's Day.Rob and BC worked out their differences to come together Sunday with their 7-month-old daughter, Dream, for a day at the Happiest Place on Earth.Eyewitnesses spotted them getting on and off It's a Small World -- with Chyna and Dream both rockin' Mouse ears ... and Rob opting for his go-to outfit, of course.As we reported ... Rob and Chyna have had some bumps in the road ever since Dream was born back in November. And yet, time and time again they reunite for sweet moments like this.From the looks of their stroller couple action, you'd never guess anything was amiss. Happy Dad Day, Rob!
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez ﻿were just like the rest of us while sight-seeing in Paris ... oohing and ahhing at the City of Light ... hand-in-hand, of course.J Lo and her man toured the French capital Sunday, acting like regular tourists -- posing in front of landmarks, riding a tour bus and eyeing street merch from local vendors.They visited the Tuileries Garden and the Louvre Museum in what looked like a busy day. Crazy thing is ... it doesn't seem like people noticed 'em all that much. Gotta be nice to dodge being a celeb for a day to fully enjoy the views.A-Rod and J Lo probably thinking ... oui.
Corinne Olympios and her BF are putting up a united front during her "Bachelor in Paradise" sex scandal with DeMario Jackson ... even if they're not talking about it.Corinne grabbed some lunch Saturday in L.A. with Jordan Gielchinsky, carrying on like your average couple ... even though their situation is anything but. Both were mum on Corinne's next move.We broke the story ... Jordan is standing by Corinne in the midst of the investigation over her sexual encounter with fellow "BiP" contestant DeMario -- despite agreeing she wouldn't hook up on the show. Corinne says she was out of it and it wasn't consensual.Classic move by a good beau.
Beyonce has given birth to a boy and a girl, but an issue surfaced that has kept them in the hospital for nearly a week ... TMZ has confirmed.Sources connected with the family tell us the twins were born Tuesday in a Los Angeles hospital. We're told a "minor issue" surfaced, and as a result ... doctors do not feel comfortable releasing them.We do not know the nature of the issue.One source told us Beyonce also remains at the hospital, but as far as we know she's okay. The babies are expected to be okay as well.It's unclear when everyone will be released.
12:14 PM PT -- Beyonce's mom, Tina Knowles, just liked Mathew's post on IG, making her the 2nd family member to publicly acknowledge the birth.Beyonce's dad weighed in on the birth of his twin grandkids five days after the infants weighed in.Mathew Knowles took to social media Sunday with a digital birthday card to Beyonce's new baby boy and girl with a tag that said ... "They're here!" The card read ..."Happy Birthday to the twins! Love, Granddad." He also threw in hashtags like #beyonce #jayz #twins #birthday and #happybirthday.TMZ broke the story ... the twins were born Tuesday but have remained in the hospital because of a "minor issue." Beyonce has also remained in the hospital with her newborns.Mathew is the first family member to publicly shout-out the birth.
James Comey may no longer head up the FBI, but he was the director of boogie at a wedding Saturday night.Donald Trump's nemesis hit up a D.C. wedding and showed off some moves to the 300 guests.Comey followed proper etiquette ... removing his jacket and loosening his tie before hitting the dance floor.We don't know the relationship between Comey and the bridal families ... but he stayed a while and guests tell us he had great time.
Beyonce and Jay Z have welcomed their twins into the world ... TMZ has confirmed.There have been rumblings all week Beyonce gave birth in a Los Angeles hospital. There were signs she might have given birth to a boy and a girl based on balloons that were delivered to a hospital, but no hard evidence so far.President Obama intimated a few days ago the twins might be girls, but again ... nothing concrete.The evidence seems to be mounting ... 5-year-old Blue Ivy could earn some serious babysitting cash.
'Bachelor in Paradise' star DeMario Jackson resurfaced Saturday night after his co-star Corinne Olympios accused him of sexual assault.Jackson chowed down at Sista Mary's in Glendale.  TMZ broke the story, DeMario insists Corinne was not only lucid when they engaged in oral sex in a swimming pool the first day of taping ... he says she was the instigator.  As we reported, people who have seen the video also say she was lucid.As for Corinne, who has lawyered up with legal pit bull Marty Singer, she was out Saturday walking the dog.  She says she has no recollection of the events in the pool and that she was literally falling down drunk in a blackout state and believes producers should have protected her.The show was put on ice while Warner Bros. investigates.
Corinne Olympios' boyfriend knew exactly what he was signing up for when she decided to go on "Bachelor in Paradise" ... with one HUGE caveat.Sources close to the couple tell TMZ ... Corinne and her BF, Jordan Gielchinsky, agreed she would NOT hook up with other cast members, and was only going to do the show to get pub for her new clothing line. Her plan was to be on for a couple episodes, and then bow out.Of course, that plan went to crap on the first day of taping when DeMario Jackson and Corinne ended up "rubbing, touching and fingering" in the pool. We broke the story ... Warner Bros. shut down production, launched an investigation and sent the cast home.We're told Jordan was initially upset when he heard what went down, but once he got the full context of the event -- meaning the heavy drinking -- he backed Corinne. He agrees she was way too drunk to give consent, and strongly believes producers and medical staffers should have intervened.The couple's been inseparable in L.A. since she returned from Mexico.
Prince William comforted families devastated by the London fire that killed as many as 58 people.The Prince hugged an inconsolable woman whose husband went missing after the blaze, which consumed the entire building. It's a break from protocol ... embracing commoners, but the Prince clearly wanted to show compassion. Other families walked away from the visit to say William truly seems to care about their grief.The death toll is expected to rise ... possibly to as many as 70 victims.
Forget turning his chair around ... CeeLo Green got so pumped when an airport crossing guard sang for him he damn near jumped out of his seat.We asked the former "The Voice" coach at LAX Saturday if he'd be down to judge on 'American Idol' ... he made his answer clear pretty quickly -- he still prefers his old gig. Then before we knew it ... he was back on NBC's singing competition in his coach's chair!Okay, it was actually his wheelchair -- dude's got some back issues -- but it felt just like the TV show based on the talent level. Those traffic guards are always yelling ... but who knew they could sing?!
Drake's dad must have a thing for adventure, mystery and international intrigue, because he's dressed exactly like a character who specialized in just that.Dennis Graham was seen leaving the Nice Guy in WeHo Saturday night with his girlfriend looking just like the famous '80s video game baddie Carmen Sandiego ... red trench coat, fedora and all. Just one step up from his usual stylish outfits.
Anwar Hadid hit the town Saturday night to celebrate coming of age .. 18 to be exact.Anwar and GF Nicola Peltz were at Delilah nightclub in WeHo ... but noticeably absent were big sisters Bella and Gigi.  Sofia Richie was there, of course.He's joined the family business ... he does modeling and been featured on the cover of "Teen Vogue" with Cameron Dallas.  He's also appeared in "Paper" magazine.Anwar has also appeared on "Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" with mom Yolanda.
Floyd Mayweather can already count on 1 ticket sold to his superfight with Conor McGregor -- with Arnold Schwarzenegger telling TMZ Sports, "I'll be there!"Ahnald is huge boxing fan -- and often attends big fights. He was most recently at the Anthony Joshua vs. Wladimir Klitschko fight in England.He's been to Mayweather fights in the past. Arnie's also a UFC fan -- and was in the building at UFC 189 to watch Conor McGregor fight Chad Mendes.Tickets won't be cheap -- but Arnold's rich.Then again, you really think they're gonna make Schwarzenegger pay?!
The man who called for help when Lionel Richie's bassist, Ethan Farmer, allegedly stabbed himself after eating marijuana edibles may have been under the influence himself ... based on the 911 call.We broke the story ... cops say Farmer was chowing down on pot cookies or brownies with friends when he turned violent and repeatedly stabbed himself.The shocking nature of the situation was apparently too much to put into words for the guy who called 911, who simply said "I don't know" and "I can't explain it" when trying to describe the scene.He also couldn't answer why a woman was screaming in the background or come up with Farmer's age.
Ashanti brought her concert to a screeching halt to unleash a profanity-laced rant at her crew for royally screwing up.It all went down Thursday night as she kicked off the R&B Jam Series at the Alex Madonna Expo Center in San Luis Obispo. She was in the middle of performing "Baby" when, out of nowhere, she stopped the show and ordered the video board turned off.She followed up with a question -- "What the f*** they doing back there?"You gotta hear her explanation, which the crowd clearly bought as they cheered her on.
Paige Turco -- who played April O'Neil in 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' -- is coming out of her shell and calling it like it is ... marriage just ain't for her anymore.Paige filed divorce docs in L.A. to split from Jason O'Mara after a nearly 14-year marriage. She cites irreconcilable differences, and says they separated on May 1.Jason and Paige tied the knot in 2003, and they have a 13-year-old son. She's requesting joint legal and physical custody -- and wants Jason to pay spousal support.Translation: Send this marriage to the Shredder.

Stephen Furst -- actor and filmmaker known for playing Flounder in 'Animal House' -- has died due to complications from diabetes ... TMZ has learned.Stephen's son Nathan tells us ... his father died at his home in Ventura County, CA early Friday morning surrounded by loving friends and family. He and his brother Griff said about their dad ... "He was a beloved husband, father and kind friend whose memory will always be a blessing."Furst battled with diabetes for years, and later became a spokesperson for the American Diabetes Association.Along with playing Kent 'Flounder' Dorfman in the 1978 comedy classic, he also had starring roles on "Babylon 5" and "St. Elsewhere." He directed a few episodes of 'Babylon 5' as well.He was 63.RIP
Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has just ended ... in a mistrial, but even before prosecutors heard the breakdown among jurors they declared they will re-try the comedian.Jurors were unable to reach a verdict on any of the 3 sexual assault counts.The jury deliberated for more than 5 days and on Friday told the judge they were deadlocked after 53 hours of deliberations. The judge pressured the jury to reach a decision by not allowing them to call it quits until 9:30 PM.Cosby was stoic as the judge declared a mistrial ... showing no emotion whatsoever.A member of Cosby's P.R. team read a statement from his wife Camille, who blasted prosecutors, the judge and media for what she says is unethical and deceitful conduct.Prosecutors vow to retry Cosby within 4 months.
William Shatner may have explored new worlds where no man has gone before, but now he's in Sweden ... running around with rabbits.The legendary "Star Trek" actor is in Stockholm shooting for his new comedy/reality show "Better Late Than Never" ... and showed off his skills as a bunny handler. Spoiler alert -- he wasn't great at it.Rabbit show jumping is big in Sweden -- kind of like the Westminster Dog Show in the U.S.Shatner and his fellow cultural icons on the show -- Henry Winkler, Terry Bradshaw and George Foreman -- all took part in the rabbit racing and looked like they had a blast. As usual, host Jeff Dye was their guide.
The DA in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial vowed to move forward to re-try the comedian and seek justice.Prosecutor Kevin Steele praised his client and alleged victim Andrea Constand for her courage and indicated she's cooperating to move forward with a retrial.Steele also spoke on how he hopes this trial will help other sexual assault victims come forward ... specifically in cases where the victim is drugged. He insists his legal team will be ready for a re-trial whenever the judge says -- at this point it's 120 days.
Ryan Seacrest will sign a rich deal to host the new version of "American Idol," but it's not nearly as rich as the one Katy Perry signed.Our ABC sources tell TMZ ... the deal is expected to be signed this weekend. The sources say the network offered $10 mil, Seacrest wanted $15 mil and they compromised somewhere in between ... but closer to $10M than $15M.TMZ broke the story ... Katy Perry snagged $25 million to appear as a judge on the show.
Corinne Olympios was so drunk when she got sexual with fellow "Bachelor in Paradise" castmate, DeMario Jackson, she did a face-plant in the Jacuzzi and after she was dragged and laying on the ground the sexual contact continued, but sources who have seen the video say it just didn't happen.Sources involved in Corinne's representation tell TMZ ... she had a half a bottle of champagne in a vehicle before arriving at the bar, where she had some mixed drinks with hard liquor as well as one or 2 shots.The sources say she did not object to the sexual contact and may have indeed consented, but they say she was not capable of consent, point to the "Jacuzzi face-plant" and being laid out on the ground.They also claim a cast member told producers after the face-plant to stop, but they responded that she was "fine."But our sources who have seen the video say Corinne's version is "absolutely not true" ... no face-plant, no being laid out on the ground ... nothing like that. The sources who have seen the tape say she was clearly with it the entire time in the pool, and there's no ambiguity after seeing the video.
A pro-President Trump tag team of protesters disrupted the production of "Julius Caesar" -- where Caesar is portrayed as Donald Trump and stabbed to death.Laura Loomer, who works for an alt-right website, crashed the stage Friday night and shouted at the performers they were inciting violence against the right. The crown booed.That's when her partner, fellow right-wing activist Jack Posobiec, began shouting from the seats ... The blood of Steve Scalise is on your hands" and saying notorious Nazi, Joseph Goebbels, would be proud.
There's a fight of the century over the fight of the century ... with two major sporting events vying for the T-Mobile Arena on August 26th.In one corner ... Mayweather vs. McGregor. When the fight was announced, Dana White and Floyd Mayweather stated it will take place at the Vegas venue.Problem is ... Ice Cube's BIG3 basketball league already booked the location for the league championship game on the same night.Our BIG3 sources tell us they have no plans to move -- they still have the venue booked and expect to play there on August 26th. The league even tweeted about it on Friday evening and T-Mobile has game tickets for sale on its site.Sources connected to May-Mac tell us there are plans in motion to move BIG3 to the nearby MGM Grand Garden Arena ... it's just a matter of time before that becomes official.
Draymond Green, Kevin Durant, Matt Barnes, Damian Jones and even the owners took their NBA Championship party on the road ... to get turnt Vegas style!!Several Golden State Warriors partied their asses off at JEWEL Nightclub at the ARIA in Las Vegas late Friday and early Saturday morning. At one point, Dave Chappelle joined them for a toast.The Dubs popped bottles of Moet & Chandon Champagne to celebrate their second title in 3 years -- the first for KD.
Juvenile's been busted in his hometown for failing to pay his baby mama $150,000 in child support ... and he's not going anywhere soon unless he forks over the money.The 42-year-old rapper is behind bars in a New Orleans where the judge gave him an ultimatum ... pay the dough or spend 30 days in the slammer.Seems Juvenile is grossly behind on payments owed to Dionne Williams, with whom he has a teenage son.

The Met and Lincoln Center ﻿hired a wannabe Karate Kid who laid down a couple brutal strokes on a woman trying to enjoy the ballet ... so she claims in a new lawsuit.Linda Kirsch claims back in June 2016 she was enjoying a performance of  "Swan Lake," when she was attacked by a guy who unleashed a karate chop from behind to both of her shoulders. She doesn't say what provoked the attack.Kirsch says she thinks the man works for either The Met or the Lincoln Center ... when in doubt, you sue both.She thinks there was a flaw in the hiring process and believes proper vetting would have revealed the dude has a propensity for violence.Kirsch claims she suffered great physical pain and mental anguish.
Carrie Fisher did not die simply from a heart attack, instead it was sleep apnea and a combination of other factors ... according to a new coroner's report.The L.A. County Coroner released the statement Friday evening, but also said it could not conclusively determine what caused her death. As we reported, Carrie's death certificate says it was a "cardiac arrest" ... but also that further testing would be needed to pinpoint what caused the massive heart attack.The new report does list heart disease and drug use under "other conditions" leading to her death. It also says she'd taken multiple drugs -- but the coroner could not determine if those drugs were significant enough to trigger the heart attack she suffered aboard a flight.Carrie died 4 days later on December 27. She was 60.
"Mob Wives" star Renee Graziano just can't believe it ... drama in paradise?!Renee was leaving Craig's Thursday night in WeHo when we asked her about the "Bachelor in Paradise" controversy over alleged sexual misconduct between Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson in the pool.  As we reported, "B.I.P" has been put on ice while Warner Bros. investigates.
Cue the “awwwwws” as you hunt through the fatherly photos of Jason Sudeikis and his mini-me and try to spot the differences between these two paternal pics.

Former 'Bachelor' and current defendant Chris Soules wants to block the jury in his felony hit-and-run trial from hearing anyone refer to the deceased as a "victim."TMZ broke the story ... Chris plowed into a tractor driven by a man named Kenneth Moser who died as a result of his injuries. Chris left the scene before cops arrived and he's been charged with leaving the scene of an accident that resulted in death.According to new legal docs, Chris' lawyers think it would be grossly unfair to call Moser a "victim," Chris has not been charged or even ticketed for the causing the accident.Soules' lawyers also want the judge to nix any evidence that Chris bought or consumed alcohol the day of the crash. As we reported, when cops arrived at his house shortly after the accident, he refused to come out and it took several hours to get a search warrant.When Chris was belatedly tested his specimens were negative for drugs and alcohol.
Jada Pinkett Smith missed the point of "All Eyez on Me" -- the producer wasn't trying to precisely recreate her relationship with Tupac ... instead it's a vision of what he thinks Pac wanted it to be.L.T. Hutton tells TMZ he's hurt and disappointed Jada decided to blast 'Eyez' for including conversations and situations that never happened in real-life. He explained he and the filmmakers took a few liberties because they were trying to show who Tupac was, who he wanted to be ... and who he had to be.Hutton says he studied Jada's own words about Pac in interviews, and feels she was fairly represented. He made it clear, he had no intention of hurting her, and last he'd heard ... she was all good with the film.
Bad news for the rest of us -- Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are getting even more bronzed and beautiful than they already are.The couple jetted off to the South of France, and boarded a yacht off Antibes for a day in the sun. J Lo wore a sexy, tiny crochet monokini, and A-Rod wore ... well, who really cares?He did try some high diving off the deck, but the bigger point is they looked freakin' amazing while soaking up the R&R.Don't worry, they applied plenty of SPF.
4:35 PM PT -- Chris does NOT have to attend a year of counseling. The court tells us there was a clerical error in the documents. Chris Brown needs an education in preventing domestic violence, and the judge in the Karrueche Tran case gave him a full year of it ... TMZ has learned.According to court docs, Brown has to complete a 52-week batterer intervention program. The judge's ruling came after Karrueche testified in Thursday's restraining order hearing.As we reported, the judge also ruled Chris has to stay away from Karrueche for the next 5 years.
1:19 PM PT -- Law enforcement sources tell us Jacob is currently listed in critical condition.A family featured on "Wife Swap" is at the center of a double murder investigation after one of the kids allegedly shot and killed his mother, his brother and then turned the gun on himself.The Stockdale family, described on the show as "devoutly religious" ... appeared on an episode in 2008. Cops say on Thursday, 25-year-old Jacob Stockdale shot and killed his mother, Kathryn, and 21-year-old brother, James.He then shot himself, and was taken by helicopter to a hospital. He's still alive, but his condition is unknown.The family of 4 brothers made up a blue grass band with their dad. According to the family's website, Jacob was a renowned fiddle player in Ohio.Still unclear what led to the shooting.
A former "Dr. Phil" producer broke into a database and stole footage all in an attempt to smear and extort money from Dr. Phil ... so says his production company in a new lawsuit.Peteski Productions -- which produces "Dr. Phil" -- is suing Leah Rothman for stealing a video shot on board a private plane back in 2014 ... and the company says she specifically targeted a portion of the footage.In docs, obtained by TMZ, the company argues Rothman accessed a database without authorization a year later ... and recorded a 9-second clip of Dr. Phil speaking to producers on her iPhone. The suit gives no specifics about what's in the footage.According to the suit, Rothman "copied and recorded only 9 seconds out of thousands of hours of Dr. Phil Show footage." She stopped working for the show in April 2015.Rothman and Dr. Phil have history -- she sued Dr. Phil in 2016 claiming he locked producers into a room in a profanity-laced meeting to figure out who was leaking stories to the media. It's unclear if this suit is related to Rothman's.The company's suing for unspecified damages.
Justin Bieber's got a perfectly good reason for not singing "Despacito" anymore so get off his back ... says his producer pal who co-wrote the hit.Jason "Poo Bear" Boyd -- a prolific music producer credited with a bunch of Bieber's hit songs -- was at LAX and we asked him about the Biebs getting a water bottle thrown at him after telling concertgoers in Stockholm he's no longer singing the hit Spanish song.Poo's adamant ... it comes down to respect, and it'd be nice if pissed off fans showed some, too.
Jada Pinkett Smith is pissed off about "All Eyez On Me" and how it portrays her relationship with Tupac ... calling the movie, "deeply hurtful."Jada, who clearly just saw the movie, is taking issue with several scenes, including one where Pac reads her a poem. She says, "I didn't know that poem existed until it was printed in his book."She also says they never fought backstage at any of his shows ... as they do in the movie.The reimagining of my relationship to Pac has been deeply hurtful.Jada and Tupac met in high school in the mid '80s. She's described him as one of her best friends, and although they kissed once ... she says it was never a romantic relationship. Jada was even the inspiration for some of his poems that were published after his death.She does praise Demetrius Shipp and Kat Graham -- who play Pac and Jada -- for their performances ... but definitely shades the screenwriter.
Danielle Bregoli's too young to drive it, or even pronounce it -- but that's not stopping her from buying her first Porsche ... or so she says.The "Cash Me Outside" girl was outside Catch in Weho Thursday night talking about how she'd spend the million bucks she's hoping to win from a lawsuit she filed against an app developer.She immediately spit out the name of the whip she's clearly been eyeing. As for how a 14-year-old knows a damn thing about driving? Danielle and her mom revealed ... she already has road experience.
Janet Jackson and her estranged husband were together again this week ... in a courtroom to begin divorce proceedings.Janet and Wissam Al Mana were spotted leaving the Royal Courts of Justice in London Thursday afternoon after the apparent first round of their divorce battle wrapped up. The singer left with her assistant and legal team while her Qatari multi-millionaire ex flew solo.As you recall ... Janet married Wissam in 2012 and they had a son together named Eissa in January. They split just a few months later.
For Simon Cowell, the devastating London tower fire struck too close to home, and it's motivated him to to do something to help the victims.The music mogul announced he will produce a track that "will raise some money for the many people affected by this tragedy." Cowell said he was heartbroken when the Grenfell Tower was engulfed in flames ... killing at least 30 people.The tower is just a few miles from where Simon lives, and he says he's now working the phones to line up talent to write and record the song. He'll have no lack of potential artists to choose from with Fifth Harmony, Little Mix and Louis Tomlinson all signed to his Syco label. Not to mention all his contacts from 'Idol,' 'AGT' and "Britain's Got Talent."Simon said of the project, "I'm not going to sit here and do nothing -- for me in my position to not do something would be appalling."
Abby Lee Miller's time as a free woman is winding down, but at least she knows exactly what she wants to do -- and eat -- before she's locked up.We got the former "Dance Moms" star leaving Catch in Weho Thursday night in pretty good spirits considering she's weeks away from going to prison for a year and a day for fraud.Although she's leaving one of L.A.'s trendiest restaurants, Abby says she has her sights set on another spot for her last meal before the big house -- particularly one delicious menu item.
Rapper 40 Glocc was gunned down while attending a funeral in San Bernardino, CA ... and remains hospitalized with his injuries.Law enforcement sources confirm the rapper was shot in the arm and chest around 2:30 PM Thursday at a cemetery. At the same time, a woman in the area was run over by a car ... though it's unclear if the 2 incidents are connected.40 Glocc, who's famously beefed with the Game and Lil Wayne, is reportedly in stable condition.Police detained several people at the crime scene, but no arrests have been made yet.
President Barack Obama ﻿is great at many things, but keeping Jay Z and Beyonce's baby secrets might not be one of 'em.Obama recorded a message congratulating his pal, Jay, for making it into the Songwriters Hall of Fame -- but during the message he broke major baby news -- possibly -- by saying Jay was about to top him in the daughter department.As 44 put it ... "He's gonna have me beat once those 2 twins show up."There's a lot of ways to interpret that, but we're pretty sure the Beyhive's running with ... Blue Ivy's getting baby sisters!Also, did Obama just put to rest all the rumors Bey's already had the twins?
The estranged wife of Serena Williams' father says she had to remove an "arsenal of firearms including an AK-47" from their home in fear he could harm her or their 5-year-old kid.Lakeisha Juanita Williams has filed explosive new court docs in her divorce from Richard Williams -- her husband of 7 years -- claiming he's been acting "erratic and hostile" and she's afraid.Richard initially filed for divorce last month accusing Lakeisha of being an alcoholic and stealing money -- allegations she adamantly denies in her response, obtained by TMZ Sports.In fact, 38-year-old Lakeisha claims she's been essentially raising their child on her own because 75-year-old Richard refuses to get involved. She says school officials, teachers and doctors will corroborate her claims.Lakeisha also says he's afraid Richard will go all "scorched Earth" on her to retaliate for airing their issues in court. She claims Richard will essentially cut her off financially.
Looks like North West is down with Mom's new low-key approach to life, 'cause she got turnt for her 4th birthday party at a Ruby's Diner.Yes, Kim Kardashian and Kanye West threw a family-only shindig Thursday evening in Calabasas. Grandma Kris Jenner and Kylie Jenner were there too, and looks like Nori opened gifts inside. She left with quite the haul, including a new bicycle.We're told earlier in the day the family rented out Chuck E. Cheese's for North and friends.Mom and Dad dressed down -- camo for Ye and sweats for Kim, but the bday girl definitely stole the show with a vintage Snoop Dogg tank.
Justin Bieber got himself some fresh ink to celebrate his golden years! Seriously, he can't wait to turn 70.Justin and some friends got matching tattoos that say, "Better at 70" ... and he's got a whole philosophy behind it.The 23-year-old admits he's made mistakes and "wasted a lot of time," but it all just makes him want to be better. His new motto is, "For me personally I want to work everyday to be BETTER at 70."Sounds like a big fat juicy rationalization, but we'll go with it.Just 47 years to go!New smash
Adam West was honored in L.A. Thursday night with the iconic symbol he helped popularize on TV ... the bat signal.The gigantic 70 ft by 20 ft emblem was projected on the side of city hall for several hours. "Batman" fans flocked to the area to watch Mayor Eric Garcetti send up the signal. Burt Ward, who played Robin in the TV series, was there to share a few words about his partner in crime.West passed away Friday after battling leukemia.He was 88.
DeMario Jackson's ex-gf -- the woman who exposed him as a villain on national TV -- is actually coming to his defense in the Corinne Olympios scandal ... but she has a strange way of doing it.Lexi Thexton claims DeMario is nothing more than a "30-year-old man child" who parties way too much -- but also says there's no way the "Bachelor in Paradise" star would knowingly take advantage of a drunk woman ... as Corinne insinuated when she declared she's a victim.For Lexi to say anything supportive about her ex is a big deal. Mind you, she also called him a "sh***y guy" who's completely self-absorbed ... among a list of other insults. She did offer a theory about what really happened with Corinne -- and strongly believes it's more about 2 people getting too drunk.For non-'Bachelorette' viewers ... Lexi made a surprise appearance on the show, calling out DeMario for trying to woo Rachel Lindsay﻿ while still dating her. He got booted off the show that very same episode.
Steph Curry touched down in Hollywood on Thursday -- and hit the L.A. club scene with Drake's dad ... and TMZ Sports has the video.The Golden State Warriors star hit up the restaurant, Delilah with his wife, Ayesha, and some friends to party with the likes of Utah Jazz star Rudy Gobert and others.There was even a cameo by the sick gold Bugatti that Jamie Foxx was driving around in recently -- unclear if Foxx made it to the party.Drake's dad told us the rapper was in the building -- he rented out a private room (why not?).As for Steph's teammates -- a bunch of the guys, including Draymond Green and Kevin Durant -- flew to Vegas and partied with G-Eazy Thursday night.We're told they're expected to be VIP guests at the Ward-Kovalev fight on Saturday.To the victors ...
As Andy told Red in "The Shawshank Redemption" ... "no good thing ever dies," which is so true for the movie's famous tree that's now become some very cool -- but expensive -- souvenirs.'Shawshank' tree merchandise made from the wood of the huge oak tree -- that fell over after severe storm damage -- will be on sale Saturday in Mansfield, Ohio. Items from the fallen tree include key chains and magnets ($40), mini rock hammers ($85), bottle openers ($130), and shadow boxes with an inscription of Andy's note to Red ($500).Pretty pricey, but then again ... it's a classic everyone loves. The sale's going down during the Shawshank Hustle -- a 7k race featuring 5 of the movie's locations.We're told items are limited -- only so much tree to go around -- but anything not sold at the race will be available online afterward.
"Jersey Shore" star Vinny Guadagnino busted up trees, a driveway, and even cars while his hired muscle stood guard ... according to a next-door neighbor who's suing.Thomas Ryan claims Vinny forcibly took over disputed land between their properties in 2014 with the help of a construction crew and some biker buddies. According to the lawsuit, obtained by TMZ, Ryan suffered damage to "several 100-year-old Norway Spruce trees" along with his cement curbs and driveway pavement.Ryan also says Vinny put up a fence that crosses the property line, and damaged a shed and vehicles -- all while bikers acted as bodyguards. Ryan is suing for at least $200k in damages, and wants the court to award him the land at the center of the battle.Vinny's lawyer says the suit is meritless, the allegations are false ... and it was filed purely to harm Vinny's rep and shake him down for money.
Turk from the Hot Boys is begging Rick Ross to quit dragging him into the longstanding feud between Rozay and Birdman.Ross dropped his Birdman diss track, "Idols Become Rivals," this week, calling out the Cash Money honcho for allegedly withholding royalties from most, if not all, of his label's artists ... including Turk.Rick raps, "Turk came home, take that boy a three piece" -- insinuating he can't afford food because Birdman ain't paying him. It's true, he once sued Birdman for $1.3 mil in unpaid royalties -- but Turk tells us he squashed the money war, and is on good terms with Baby.He wants to keep it that way, and insists Rick should leave others out of his fights, or even better ... just stop fighting.


"Infowars" host Alex Jones says he knew Megyn Kelly was going to screw him over ... so he's releasing his own behind-the-scenes footage from their interview before NBC airs the piece.Jones says he suspected Kelly would misrepresent him in the TV special, and feels the promos for the controversial interview prove he was right. Turns out he recorded his convos with Kelly ... some before the interview even began ... to have his side of the story documented.He's been asking NBC to cancel the segment -- scheduled to air Sunday -- because he thinks it's unfairly edited. He says the network refused, and that's why he's beating them to the punch.It's unclear if Kelly knew she was being recorded by Jones. We've reached out to NBC News.
Capitol Police officer David Bailey -- one of the heroes who took out shooter James T. Hodgkinson -- opened the Congressional Baseball game with an emotional ceremony.Officer Bailey came out on crutches at Nationals Park, yet still managed to throw out the first pitch. Bailey was injured while responding to the shooting Wednesday morning, and eventually helped take down Hodgkinson.Before the game began, both teams -- Republicans and Democrats -- huddled up for a group prayer for the victims of the shooting. Rep. Steve Scalise was supposed to be playing in the annual event, but is still recovering after multiple surgeries.The game helped raise a record amount of money for charity.
The guy who's playing Tupac Shakur is already calling it quits ... when it comes to reprising the role in any other movies.We got "All Eyez On Me" star Demetrius Shipp Jr.  -- he was clearly excited about last night's big Hollywood premiere and the positive reviews he's getting. So, we asked if he's down to do what his co-star Jamal Woolard has done ... playing Notorious B.I.G. in 3 movies.Demetrius explained why he's one and done, but basically ... the guy's got big plans, and Tupac is just the start.Of course, if he keeps getting props from random celebs on the street, Demetrius might change his mind. As we were talking to him ... this really cool Hollywood moment with Big Boi went down!
Nick Gordon's domestic violence arrest got the authorities investigating Bobbi Kristina Brown's death to board a plane and go talk to the girlfriend he allegedly beat up.Fulton County Assistant D.A. Seleta Griffin landed back in Atlanta Thursday and told reporters the alleged victim "had a lot to say." She added ... the interview moved them closer to finding out the truth about the circumstances surrounding BK's death.TMZ broke the story ... Nick's facing domestic violence battery and kidnapping/false imprisonment charges. He's accused of beating up his girlfriend in a jealous rage.Remember, Nick was found legally responsible for Bobbi Kristina's death. The criminal investigation remains open after 2 years, and Nick continues to be a person of interest.
Rep. Pete Aguilar says the Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park will be the safest place to be in D.C. Thursday night ... and believes your elected officials are about to put on a very unique show.We spoke to the California congressman, who's playing for the Dems in the charity game -- and he felt extremely confident in the ramped up security after Wednesday's shooting, which left fellow Rep. Steve Scalise critically injured.Aside from raising a record amount of money -- more than $1 mil in a day -- he says this year's game will show, more than ever, that Democrats and Republicans really do get along. In fact, Aguilar says the parties get along way more than you'd think.Of course, we rarely see that when it counts.
Donald Trump wants Hillary Clinton to feel the same heat he is over Russia ... and claims she smashed phones and hid evidence which he thinks rises to the level of obstructing justice.The Prez insinuated the Clintons have their own ties to Russia that should be investigated ... then followed up with a blistering tweet about 'Crooked H' destroying phones, emails and Bill Clinton influencing the former U.S. Attorney General.Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer, 'bleached' emails, & had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- & they talk about obstruction?
12:01 PM PT -- The judge just sided with Tran ... ordering the restraining order stay in place for the next 5 years.Chris Brown threatened violence against his ex-GF after they broke up, demanding she give back money and gifts he had given her during their relationship ... this according to Karrueche Tran's in-person testimony in court.Karrueche took the stand Thursday in her restraining order case against Chris, telling a judge after she broke up with the singer ... he demanded diamond rings he bought for her to be returned. When she refused ... Karrueche says Chris became aggressive.Karrueche explained that in text messages between herself and Chris post-breakup, he would say things like "I'm not being nice to you no more, if I see you out in public again and I'm there I will make you hate me even more, don't be anywhere I'm out in public, I'm going to ban you from all events."She claims he also texted her more violent threats like ... "I can get my money back and I'm tired of playing games" as well as "Bitch I will beat the s**t out of you" and "I promise you I will make your life hell." She says he also once wrote "Imma kill blood" under a photo of her and actor Michael B. Jordan.Karrueche also testified that Chris had beaten her before.Chris Brown's attorney, David Gammill, grilled Karrueche on cross-examination, and pressed her on allegedly taunting Chris about the rings by saying she had sold them. Karrueche told Gammill she never planned to return the rings because they were hers. Gammill also brought up the point of Karrueche never reporting any of the alleged behavior to authorities.Karrueche insists she fears for her safety and needs permanent protection. Chris wasn't in court today and the judge refused to let him join the hearing via phone.
Republicans and Dems in the House are united and, surprisingly, fearless the day after the shooting that critically injured House Whip Rep. Steve Scalise ... and they're ready to play ball for him.TMZ spoke to a handful of congressmen playing in Thursday night's Congressional Baseball Game, and they tell us despite natural safety concerns ... they're not letting it keep them off the field.Pennsylvania Rep. Mike Doyle -- who's the team manager for the Democrats -- says the game will be more solemn, but both parties agreed the game had to be played. He says ... "We can't let terrorists and would-be assassins change the way we live our lives."Two other Democratic Reps, Hakeem Jeffries from NY ... and Pete Aguilar from CA, tell us they have the utmost faith in law enforcement to keep them safe at Nationals Park, the stadium where game's being played. Aguilar added ... "We cannot be intimidated and our democracy is unbreakable."We also spoke with several GOP Reps who were on the field during Wednesday's shooting, where James Hodgkinson opened fire. One of them, Rep. Rodney Davis of Illinois, said a silver lining is America finally getting to see the bipartisan friendships in Congress. Yes, they exist.
David Hasselhoff's daughter, Hayley, is gonna have to blow next time she wants to get in a car to drive after copping a plea deal in court.Hayley pled no contest to one count of driving under the influence -- law enforcement sources say she blew .14. As part of the deal, she got 3 years probation, and was ordered to pay a $390 fine ... and she must complete a 90 day alcohol program.Also, an ignition interlock system will be installed in her car -- meaning she'll have to blow into a breathalyzer for the vehicle to even start.TMZ broke the story ... Hayley was arrested for DUI in L.A. last month. Cops found her passed out behind the wheel of her Mercedes on a freeway off-ramp.Cops said the 24-year-old 'Sharknado' actress reeked of booze and bombed a field sobriety test.
10:50 AM PT -- Officials tell TMZ Sports the pilot did NOT parachute out of the blimp, despite witness claims.When emergency responders got to the blimp, they found the pilot and determined he went down with the blimp.He's alive -- and suffered burns and injuries to his back and neck.A manned blimp unaffiliated with FOX Sports or the #USOpen crashed near the course earlier today. pic.twitter.com/XXaj3n8j2HA blimp floating over the U.S. Open golf tournament in Erin, Wisconsin caught fire and crashed moments ago ... and spectators captured the incident on video.TMZ Sports has confirmed the pilot made it out of the blimp but suffered injuries. We're told the pilot suffered burns on his face and has pain in his neck and lower back.The blimp landed in a remote field with no direct road access. Emergency responders were instructed to take ATVs to get to the crash site.We're told the blimp was a 1-man aircraft. The FAA will be on scene to investigate.Story developing ...
Now that Corinne Olympios appears headed for a legal showdown with producers of "Bachelor in Paradise" ... the contract she signed becomes extrememly relevant, and problematic.The contract contestants sign, obtained by TMZ, says in part all contestants waive their right to sue producers over claims of "negligence, personal injury (including without limitation, any injuries arising out of the transmission of a sexually transmitted disease or unwelcome/unlawful contact or other interaction among participants)."The short of it ... even if she was in a blackout state when she was engaged in sexual activity with DeMario Jackson, the producers would not be responsible. There's a catch ... courts have made it clear in situations involving similar contracts, if the producers were reckless that clause would not be enforceable. And it would seem watching someone incapable of giving consent to sexual activity and allowing it to happen ... is reckless.And still another catch ... as we reported, people who have seen the video tell us Corinne seems lucid and engaged during the entire swimming pool episode.
John Legend has been treated to family-style digs while touring around the country, which is perfect since he's brought his wife and kid along for part of the ride.John's currently on tour and Chrissy Teigen and baby Luna have come along for some recent stops ... including Tennessee, Washington and Missouri. The fam most recently crashed at a Kansas City estate that goes for $10k per night.One of the first places John stayed, courtesy of AirBnb, was a colonial-esque estate in Nashville with 4 bedrooms and 4 baths. It normally goes for $1,600/night.When he played in Woodinville, WA earlier this month, our sources say he and his family stayed in a 3 bed, 3 bath house in Seattle with a great view of the city's skyline. The place rents for $720/night.Whatever way you look at it ... John and co. are keeping it all in the family on the road.
Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial still hasn't come to an end ... because the jury is deadlocked.The jury of 7 men and 5 women has not been able to agree on a verdict after 30 hours of deliberations. The judge has instructed them to go back and keep trying ... but it's looking like a hung jury is possible and a mistrial will be the final outcome.Cosby's facing 3 charges for sexually assaulting Andrea Constand, and facing a maximum of 10 years in prison.
DeMario Jackson doesn't want anyone hating on Corinne Olympios for what went down in the pool between them ... leading to "Bachelor in Paradise" production shutting down﻿.Jackson was leaving a gym in L.A. when he was asked if he was any closer to obtaining the pool footage he believes will clear him of wrongdoing. He's tight-lipped about that ... but opens up about Corinne and any backlash from their sexual encounter.
Sylvester Stallone says he's Team McGregor all the way -- telling TMZ Sports he believes Conor has a real shot against Floyd Mayweather."Then again, I live my life in fantasy," Stallone joked.Sly is a huge boxing fan -- but he's also one of the celebrity minority owners of the UFC. So, he's kinda got a dog in this fight ... the underdog."I always have the underdog."Conor and Floyd are set to fight at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas on August 26 -- but Stallone says he's already made up his mind about going to the fight.
It's not next season's 'Bachelorette' cast ... it's just Leo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire and Orlando Bloom kicking it in NYC. NBD.We're used to seeing BFFs Leo and Tobey hang out, but Wednesday afternoon Orlando was suddenly part of the crew. No word where the trio was headed, but there's a good chance they had a trail of female fans following.Tobey and Leo's group of friends have been known as the "P***y Posse" for years ... so adding Orlando is like the Golden State Warriors adding Kevin Durant.Oh, the slaying they will do.
Erendira Wallenda -- wife of famed high-wire stunt dude Nik Wallenda -- proved she's got powerful jaws after dangling by her teeth from a chopper hovering a few hundred feet over Niagara Falls.The stunt went down Thursday morning ... as onlookers watched Erendira pull off the crazy ass stunt ... TWICE! The first attempt reportedly lasted about 10 seconds, and he next about 5 seconds. Defnite, jaw fatigue.Nik's dubbed Erendira a "ballerina in the air" and she showed off some of those moves too.
Dennis Rodman is spreading President Trump's word in North Korea after all ... at least when it comes to his business prowess.The NBA Hall of Famer gifted N. Korea's sports minister, Kim Il Guk, Trump's 'The Art of the Deal' book. Dennis was clearly stoked with his gesture, and Kim looks ... less stoked.He also left Il Guk a couple of jerseys with his old number on it, but they weren't even official NBA gear from any of Rodman's old teams, just generics. However, he also gave him bath products. Sweet.Bath gels ... paving a path to normalcy with N. Korea!
Corinne Olympios was topless in the pool with DeMario Jackson and so aware of her surroundings, she greeted a cast member walking by, showing no signs of distress -- but Corinne's attorney isn't buying it.Sources close to the "Bachelor in Paradise" cast tell TMZ ... one female cast member walked right by the pool when Corinne and DeMario were hooking up, and saw her with her top off and her legs wrapped around him. We're told Corinne yelled out to the passerby by name and seemed "very with it" ... coherent.The cast member told others she would have done something to break up the pool tryst if she felt Corinne was too drunk. Further, the cast member says cameras followed her when she walked by ... so the whole encounter should be on tape.Corinne's attorney, Marty Singer, tells TMZ ... "If nothing inappropriate happened, why did production get shut down? Something serious clearly happened."The female cast member says Corinne talked about the DeMario hookup the next day because she was upset her boyfriend, back home, would find out -- but she never heard Corinne say anything about it being non-consensual.
Jamie Foxx is enjoying the fruits of Shazam's labor -- 'cause why just cruise around L.A. in a Bugatti, when you can do it in a GOLD Bugatti?Jamie and a female pal were seen driving around town in the highly conspicuous whip -- worth nearly $2 million bucks, and that's before the golden wrap job.We knew his game show, "Beat Shazam," had a strong debut, but damn!Man's got the golden touch right now, and he ain't afraid to flaunt it.
Chief Keef knows why he got busted at a South Dakota airport ... problem is he should've figured this out BEFORE he tried to board a plane.The rapper was at LAX Wednesday when we asked him about his Monday morning arrest in Sioux Falls. Remember, authorities say Keef had 4 blunts and an edible in his backpack, and the edible wrapper clearly said it contained 200 mg of THC.
Scott Disick is mending burned bridges one flower bouquet at a time, starting with Bella Thorne.Bella shared a pic of a gorgeous pink rose and peonies bouquet Tuesday night, and our sources say Scott's the mystery guy who ordered 'em.Amazingly, we're told they're talking again after that Cannes vacation nightmare -- and Scott even invited her to his place once he got back from his international bender. Yes, she accepted.As for her ex, Gregg Sulkin, with whom she's been spotted recently ... we're told it's not serious.One note of caution for Bella, or just a huge coincidence -- Kourtney Kardashian posted a pic of flowers she got ... a few hours before Bella got hers, and it's an oddly similar bouquet.Just sayin' ...
Conor McGregor ain't the only one hoping to last 12 rounds in Vegas ... 2 of Nevada's most famous brothels are already prepping for the onslaught of horny people lookin' for legal action while in town for the big fight.Both the world famous BunnyRanch and Sheri's Ranch launched super fight packages minutes after Conor and Floyd Mayweather made the fight official.Sheri's is offering the ultimate VIP(enis) package ... for a mere $100K, john's will get 2 tickets to the fight along with some pre-fight action with all 24 girls on staff.The BunnyRanch has deals too ... owner Dennis Hof says he's running a 2-for-1 special -- 2 girls for the price of 1.Remember, prostitution is legal in the state of Nevada ... but only in regulated brothels.
A spokesperson for ACS tells us, "We are confident the truth about what happened and why it happened will come out at the time of trial." They continue, "The defense believes strongly that the settlement demand made by the Nazarians is not supported by the facts."ACS Security is about to go on trial for failing to alert cops when a prominent Bel-Air couple's mansion was burglarized ... and the outcome could have a major effect on other celeb victims.David Nazarian -- brother of SBE Entertainment Group founder Sam Nazarian -- and his wife sued ACS after their home was hit by burglars who made off with 2 safes with $1.7 mil of their valuables. The Nazarians claim a major communication failure by ACS left them without protection.The Nazarians attempted to settle the matter in mediation, but that failed and now ACS is headed for trial.What's interesting here is if the Nazarians win, it could set off a wave of similar lawsuits. As we've reported ... David Spade, Drake, Alanis Morissette, Scott Disick, Nicki Minaj and many more have been hit in burglaries just this year.The Nazarians' attorney, Eric George, tells us ... "The facts revealed in this litigation raise the serious question whether a homeowner is better protected with an ACS home alarm system, or no alarm system at all."
The friend who was driving "America's Got Talent" contestant Dr. Brandon Rogers early Saturday ... nodded off before he veered off the road into a tree ... TMZ has learned.According to the crash report ... the driver told Maryland State Police he was tired and fell asleep. He drifted onto the right shoulder, went off road and struck the tree. The driver told cops he'd recently finished a long shift at work.We broke the story ... Brandon was riding in the front passenger seat. The driver and another friend, riding in the backseat, survived ... Brandon died from his injuries Sunday in a hospital.Sources on the scene tell us the driver pulled both passengers out of the car. As we reported ... cops don't think drugs and alcohol played a role.
The road leading up to the Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor super fight has been filled with expletives, public insults and name calling ... and it's all been documented on TMZ Sports.Now that it's official and we get to see these two face-off in August, check out the best highlights of the many, MANY times Notorious and Money have barked at each other leading up to the fight.August 26 can't come soon enough.


GOP House Whip Steve Scalise is still in critical condition at the hospital after being shot by James T. Hodgkinson during the congressional baseball practice.Scalise suffered a single rifle shot to his left hip, but the bullet traveled across his pelvis, injuring organs and fracturing bones ... according to MedStar Washington Hospital. He immediately underwent surgery, and needed another procedure just to stop the bleeding.Doctors says Scalise will need additional operations. For now, his condition remains critical.President Trump and the First Lady went to the hospital to see Scalise and the others who were injured -- including 2 police officers -- during the intense gun battle.
Bow Wow is sticking to his story ... that pack of rabid fans really was on his tail, and no ... he did NOT pay them. In other words -- NO #BowWowChallenge.We talked to Shad Moss on TMZ Live and he broke down the story behind that viral video of screaming fans in Charlotte. He's seen all the haters come for him on the Internet ... and even understands why they'd be skeptical.On tour and im still getting chased. 😂😂😂 #runniggarun 😂😂 #feelslikethewalkingdead #love yo @yaboijus718 you was moving church. Im 30, i think i pulled something 😂 #bowwowA post shared by Bow wow (@shadmoss) on Jun 11, 2017 at 3:42pm PDTBut Shad's finally able to laugh along with all the Bow Wow Challenge memes and videos on social media. So, he's not really sweating the haters.However, he did offer an explanation for the private jet post that started the whole thing, and claims it was all about his mood.If you're still skeptical, we get it -- but props to Bow Wow for addressing it. For real.
2:46 PM PT -- TMZ Sports spoke with Dana White who says the fight will be a 12 round boxing match. Both guys will use 10 ounce gloves. They will fight at 154 pounds.The fight will take place at the T-Mobile Arena. Ticket prices have not been set yet.There WILL be an undercard -- it will be boxing and Mayweather Promotions will handle the matchmaking.We asked Dana if there was a possibility Roy Jones Jr. will fight Anderson Silva -- he told us, "I highly doubt it."Both Floyd and Conor will be tested by USADA for performance enhancing drugs.Dana says he expects Conor to make around $100 million for the fight but wouldn't break down the financials.Dana says he spoke with Conor Wednesday morning -- he's VERY excited. Conor also believes with all his heart he will knock Mayweather out.IT'S HAPPENING!!!Floyd Mayweather has signed his deal and will box Conor McGregor on August 26.Dana White was leading the negotiations for the UFC -- and had vowed to strike a deal with Floyd's camp. Now, the two sides have reached an agreement, as first reported by Yahoo Sports.Conor and Floyd will square off in Vegas.Conor posted about the fight on Instagram -- saying, "The fight is on." He replaced Floyd's pic with a shot of Floyd Sr.THE FIGHT IS ON.A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma) on Jun 14, 2017 at 2:21pm PDTConor has said he expects to make more than $100 MILLION from the fight. Floyd has said he wanted double or triple that. No word on the exact details.The last time we spoke with Floyd, he laid out exactly why he thinks Conor has a real shot to beat him.
The new One World Trade Center was designed by an architecture student who was never credited because one of his advisors stole the idea and submitted it as his own ... according to a new lawsuit.In the docs, Jeehoon Park says he whipped up a 3D model for a 122-story building for his grad school thesis at the College of Architecture at the Illinois Institute of Technology. His design, completed in 1999, was intended for Chicago's Cityfront Center.But Park says one of his advisors was an Associate Partner at Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM) ... and he believes that firm had access to his design, and used it to build the Freedom Tower.Park says side-by-side photos of his Cityfront model and Freedom Tower show a "striking similarity." He also points out a 2010 book discusses how SOM's design is closely related to Park's thesis.Park, now an architect in Georgia, wants a fat paycheck from SOM for using his design ... and wants SOM to give him the credit he deserves.We reached out to the firm ... no word back so far.
Richard Williams is divorcing his wife and accusing her of jacking social security checks and forging his signature to steal property right out from under him.Venus and Serena's 75-year-old dad filed docs in Florida to split from 38-year-old Lakeisha Williams, but the divorce is almost overshadowed by what he claims she's doing, as first reported by Daily Mail.In the docs, Richard says his wife of 7 years has forged his name on a deed to transfer one of his houses to herself ... as well as cars. He also believes she's taken his social security checks.They have a 5-year-old son together, and Richard thinks Lakeisha's lifestyle endangers the child. According to the docs, she's now living with someone who has "serious criminal, felony charges pending." He also accuses her of taking his guns, and being an alcoholic.
You didn't really think NeNe Leakes was going to let Kim Zolciak hog the spotlight -- she's finally signed on for Season 10 of 'RHOA.'Sources connected to production tell us NeNe signed on the dotted line Wednesday, ending months of negotiations to bring her and Kim back for the show's 10th anniversary. Kim struck her deal back in April, but NeNe's been holding out.There's a twist though ... NeNe will only be a part-time cast member. We're told she passed on a full-time gig because she has too many other balls in the air right now such as her clothing line.Some of the other women on the show have already started shooting the next season, but NeNe's yet to appear.As you'd expect, NeNe's being totally modest about her new deal, saying ... "All hail the queen for season 10."
Corinne Olympios has hired a team to "seek justice" for the "Bachelor in Paradise" swimming pool incident ... TMZ has learned.Corinne tells TMZ ... "I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4. Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production."Corinne goes on ... "As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening."TMZ has learned Corinne hired Marty Singer, and that makes it feel like a lawsuit is brewing.TMZ broke the story ... Corinne and fellow 'BIP' castmate DeMario Jackson got extremely sexual in a swimming pool the first day of filming. DeMario says Corinne was the instigator and was lucid the entire time. Sources who have seen the tape also say Corinne appeared lucid. We're told both were drunk ... the central issue becomes, just how drunk?
Actor Corey Sligh ﻿has been indicted by a federal grand jury on 2 felony counts of child molestation ... TMZ has learned.The grand jury handed down the indictment against the former extra on "The Young and the Restless." His arraignment will be held next month.In docs obtained by TMZ, Corey allegedly made the victim "touch his penis with her hand and himself touch her ... with intent to arouse, satisfy the sexual desires of the accused."We broke the story ... Corey was arrested and booked for child molestation in his home state of Georgia back in November 2016. We were told the alleged victim was a girl who was under 10 at the time.If convicted, the offense carries a sentence of up to 20 years in prison.
Alexandria, Virginia's own representative in Congress hopes the shooting that injured his colleague can be a uniting force.We got Congressman Don Beyer -- who reps Virginia's 8th District, including Alexandria -- at Simpson Field Wednesday, where James Hodgkinson opened fire on the GOP's practice sesh ... injuring Rep. Steve Scalise, among others.He tells our camera guy that this tragedy should get members from both sides of the aisle coming together -- for now, at least -- ahead of Thursday's congressional baseball game ... which is moving forward as scheduled.Quick side note ... Simpson Field sits near T.C. Williams High School, which is the same school "Remember the Titans" is based on. Beyer's hoping it has the same unifying effect here.
James T. Hodgkinson had a violent history involving guns long before he opened fire on the congressional baseball practice.According to police records ... Hodgkinson was busted in 2006 for allegedly punching his daughter's 20-year-old female friend and striking a male friend with the butt of a shotgun. Police say he also fired a shot that didn't hit anyone.Hodgkinson was trying to get his daughter to leave the friend's house ... but when she refused, he got physical. Police say he grabbed his daughter by her hair, and pulled her to the floor.The daughter broke free and tried to flee in a car, but he reached in and cut her seat belt with a pocketknife. That's when he punched the female friend in the face with a closed fist.According to the docs ... the male friend then confronted Hodgkinson, who pulled out a shotgun and pointed it at the guy, and then struck him with the wooden stock of the gun.
James Hodgkinson's rifle shots at congressmen rang out in the neighborhood around the baseball field ... and it was captured by one witness and a nearby resident.The first video is from a witness close to Eugene Simpson Stadium Park, and really captures the intensity and horror of the shooting which injured 5 people, including House Majority Whip Rep. Steve Scalise. At one point a man can be seen lying on the baseball field.The second video is audio recorded on the back porch of a woman in the neighborhood.More than a dozen shots are heard as the woman and another neighbor tried to figure out what the hell was happening. The Hill first posted the raw video.Hodgkinson was eventually taken out by responding officers ... and died later at a hospital.
President Donald Trump says the man who opened fire on a congressional baseball practice has died from injuries in the shootout with capitol police.The shooter has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson -- a 66-year-old man from Illinois who has publicly called for the destruction of Trump and his supporters.POTUS addressed the media moments ago and said Hodgkinson "has now died."As we previously reported, Hodgkinson walked up to a baseball practice in Virginia early Wednesday morning and opened fire -- striking Rep. Steve Scalise and others.Capitol police officers on the scene exchanged gunfire with Hodgkinson -- striking him. The officers were also shot. They survived and are being treated for their injuries.Trump called the incident a "very, very brutal assault."He described Scalise as a "good friend, he's a patriot and a fighter."
Playboy model Katie May literally died at the hands of a chiropractor who had no idea what the hell he was doing and suspiciously tried to hide it ... so claims her estate in a wrongful death lawsuit.Alex Maimon -- the executor of Katie's estate and father of their 8-year-old daughter, Mia Eden -- is suing Dr. Eric Marc Swartz. In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Maimon says a reasonable chiropractor would never have given Katie the "aggressive neck adjustment" that ultimately caused her death in February 2016.Ronald Richards, the estate's lawyer, says Swartz should have sent Katie to the hospital for a CT scan instead of treating her ... given the severity of a neck injury she'd suffered during a photo shoot.TMZ broke the story ... the coroner determined Katie's cause of death stemmed from a chiropractor's adjustment -- a blunt force injury tore her left vertebral artery, and cut off blood flow to her brain.According to the suit, Swartz wrote Katie's patient report 4 days after she died. Her estate thinks it's fishy he didn't write it immediately, and ... "it begs the question whether Swartz went back to change his report after he was notified May was hospitalized and died because of his treatment."Katie's estate is suing for malpractice and negligence ... as well as wrongful death.We've reached out to Swartz's office, but so far no word back.
The man suspected of opening fire at a congressional baseball practice is 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson ... and judging by his social media, he REALLY hates Donald Trump.Hodgkinson's Facebook page is loaded with anti-Trump posts. He's also a staunch Bernie Sanders supporter.Also notable, Hodgkinson is also anti-Hillary Clinton, with several posts about her as well.Among the posts on his page, there's one that stands out from March which says, "Trump is Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co."
"Bachelor in Paradise" star DeMario Jackson certainly doesn't look like a man in the middle of a serious reality TV controversy.DeMario was out with a bunch of his friends Tuesday night as the group hit up Saint & Second in Long Beach. He appeared pretty loose ... never mind the controversy surrounding him and co-star Corinne Olympios.As we reported ... DeMario wants the pool sex video released because he feels he did nothing wrong.
7:48 AM PT -- Law enforcement has identified the shooter as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Illinois.At least one congressman has been shot -- along with several other people -- after a gunman opened fire on a Congressional baseball team practice.Police say the gunman fired an automatic rifle, and reportedly got off as many as 50 shots Wednesday morning as the team was gathering in Alexandria, VA. Rep. Steve Scalise, the House Majority Whip, was shot in the hip, and was in stable condition before going into surgery.“Fortunately, Secret Service was here because Steve Scalise was here,” Rep. Wenstrup says on Rep. Scalise’s security detail taking action pic.twitter.com/RhFtHySHStIn total, 5 people were hospitalized -- that number includes the shooter.Witnesses say Sen. Jeff Flake was at bat when the shooting broke out.Sen. Rand Paul -- who was at the scene -- says if not for heroic police stepping in and saving the day, it would have been a "massacre." He added, "Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Police."Rep. Mo Brooks helped one victim who was shot in the leg by using his belt as a tourniquet.Police say they have the suspect in custody.President Trump tweeted about the incident, calling Scalise a "true friend and patriot."Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him.Congressional Democrats had gathered at a different field to practice for tomorrow's charity game against Republicans ... and they huddled in prayer after hearing about the shooting..@HouseDemocrats praying for our @HouseGOP @SenateGOP baseball colleagues after hearing about the horrific shooting. https://t.co/y2HEUaSuzd pic.twitter.com/6HBrlnxteyStory developing ...
Tobey Maguire's adorable kids have it good -- their dad was Spider-Man, and if he needs a time-out, Uncle Leo DiCaprio's right there on the spot.Leo was all ears Tuesday as Tobey's 2 kids, Otis and Ruby, chatted him up during a stroll through Manhattan. Tobey's estranged wife, Jennifer Meyer, was there too. At first glance, ya might think -- this is weird, where's Tobey? He's there ... in the back of the group, taking a phone call.Tobey's bff has remained a regular with this crew -- even after Jennifer and Tobey split last year. They all did dinner in L.A. recently with Leo's parents.One big happy modern fam.
"Bachelor in Paradise" star DeMario Jackson desperately wants the tape of his sexual encounter with Corinne Olympios to be released so he can clear his name.Sources close to DeMario tell TMZ ... he's hell-bent on getting a copy of the footage of himself and Corinne "rubbing, touching and fingering" in the pool. We're told he already had a lawyer contact Warner Bros requesting the tape.DeMario believes the video will prove what he's said all along -- Corinne was lucid and he did nothing wrong. If he can't get a copy, we're told he wants WB to release it on its own. DeMario also wants them to release a statement clarifying HE isn't under investigation.Multiple people who've seen the footage tell us ... the encounter appears completely consensual and DeMario is in no way the aggressor. In fact, we're told he and Corinne seemed kind and considerate to each other.Our sources say DeMario's looking to lawyer up because although Corinne hasn't blamed him yet, he's not taking any chances. When we saw him in WeHo Tuesday, he seemed to bear no grudge toward her.
Here's somebody MORE happy than Kevin Durant's mom about the Warriors' NBA championship ... Big Boi, who says he won $100k betting on the Dubs.We got the Outkast rap legend out at Bootsy Bellows in L.A. Tuesday night (sans Andre 3000, never see those guys together anymore) and wanted to know why he was rocking a Golden State lid.FYI -- Big Boi is from Atlanta ... which is not anywhere near Oakland.That's when Sir Lucious Left Foot broke it down for us ... saying he won big on the Finals ... like six figures big ... telling our guy the Warriors victory made him $100k!!
Dennis Rodman stuck to what he knows, at least to start to his North Korea trip ... visiting with a hoops squad -- but he also connected with Kim Jong-un's roots.The NBA hall of famer checked in with the Pothonggang women's basketball team Wednesday during their practice. We're guessing he emphasized rebounding.Dennis also toured the town of Mangyongdae, the birthplace of Jong-un's grandfather ... Kim Il Sung. The 6'7" former basketball star quickly became the center of attention as a group of school kids also walked around the town.He's reportedly meeting with N. Korea's sports minister this week, and also has bowling on the agenda ... for some reason. Still unclear if he'll get a sit-down with Jong-un.
Ken Pavés -- hair guru for the likes of David and Victoria Beckham, Eva Longoria and more -- has a split end problem ... his husband's filing for divorce.Martin William Pavés filed docs earlier this week but it appears the marriage had been on the rocks for some time -- he lists the date of separation as June 20, 2016.In the docs, obtained by TMZ, Martin cites irreconcilable differences. He is requesting Ken pay spousal support. They got married March 2012 and have no children.
Colton Haynes had some folks confused about his virginity story ... but he cleared it up for us once and for all.We got the "Teen Wolf" and "Arrow" star with his fiance, Jeff Leatham, at LAX -- and immediately asked for some clarity on the coming-of-age tale that he shared with Andy Cohen on his radio show Monday.Colton described punching his V-card at 13 ... to both a guy and a girl. Naturally, Andy and most people thought threesome -- but that's not so ... according to Colton.He shed some more light on the encounter(s). Read between the lines here, and it will all make sense.
The kickboxer who knocked his opponent OUT COLD while the guy's back was turned says he's been getting death threats over the brutal hit ... but he's adamant it was a fair shot.We spoke with Murthel Groenhart about the backlash he's gotten following his Glory 42 beat down on Harut Grigorian ﻿... and the Predator says some people are so pissed, they've threatened to kill him.


Shannen Doherty's husband appears to have scored a settlement in his suit against her ex-managers over her breast cancer diagnosis ... which makes the couple 2 for 2 in court.Kurt Iswarienko requested to dismiss the entire case against Shannen's ex-management team -- Tanner Mainstain Glynn & Johnson ... according to new legal docs. This is typically a sure sign the parties reached a settlement, although there's no mention of a dollar amount.We broke the story ... Kurt filed his own lawsuit in December on the heels of Shannen settling her $15 million suit. He claimed their sex life was ruined and the firm mismanaged his funds.
DeMario Jackson came out of hiding and while he was mostly tight-lipped about the sexual encounter with Corinne Olympios that shut down "Bachelor in Paradise" ... he did answer one key question.The 'BIP' star was leaving Caffe Primo in West Hollywood Tuesday when paps peppered him with questions. We asked what he thought about Corinne saying she was too wasted to consent ... and if he was pissed.DeMario's clearly playing this close to the vest, but he at least wants everyone to know where he stands with Corinne.
Customs agents and a drug sniffin' dog busted a woman attempting to smuggle 6 bricks of cocaine -- worth nearly $500k -- in the cushion of her wheelchair.Yoncela Stanley arrived at the JFK Airport Sunday from St. Lucia, and allegedly had the load of blow tucked under and behind her in the motorized chair. The K9 wasn't fooled though, and alerted Customs and Border Protection Officers who noticed the back seat cushion looked "unusual."6 bricks and 2 clear bags of coke -- tipping the scales at 27 lbs. and worth $468,000 -- would definitely be unusual. Stanley was booked for importation of a controlled substance.The K9 got a big bag of legal treats, we're guessing, for the bust.
Judge Judy's son ended a 4 year long ordeal to clear his name in a defamation lawsuit against Putnam County's Sheriff.Adam Levy, the former D.A. in Putnam County, NY, reached a settlement with Sheriff Don Smith that requires Smith to fork over $150k, and issue a full retraction for statements he made back in 2013.Smith was investigating Alexandru Hossu for an alleged rape of a 13-year-old girl ... and accused then D.A. Levy of harboring Hossu, an illegal immigrant. He also insinuated that Levy used his power as D.A. to interfere with the investigation.Smith had to issue a written apology in which he admits his statements were untrue -- "Mr. Hossu did not then reside at your home. He was arrested at another location where he then lived. I know that you did not interfere with the investigation of Mr. Hossu. Nor is there any evidence that you had any knowledge of Mr. Hossu's immigration status or were intentionally harboring an illegal alien."Levy has said Smith went after him purely to push a political agenda.No offense to Adam, but we think Judge Judy might have put it better -- "Don't piss on my leg and tell me it's raining!"
"America's Got Talent" contestant Dr. Brandon Rogers was riding in the front passenger seat of a car when it veered off the road, leading to his death ... TMZ has learned.According to the Maryland State Troopers, officers responded around 4:30 AM Saturday for a car that had crashed into a tree. Brandon was one of 2 passengers in the vehicle, plus the driver.Cops say the driver walked away unscathed, but both passengers were hospitalized. As we first reported ... Brandon died Sunday from his injuries.His audition episode on 'AGT' has yet to air, and producers are undecided on whether they'll release it on schedule next month.
Secrets all the way out ... Caroline Wozniacki and San Antonio Spurs player David Lee are now fully public with their relationship and here's the pics of them kissing to prove it.The two are chillin' out in Italy -- and flaunted their impressive physiques at the pool ... where they also got all kissy with each other in the middle of the water.Wozniacki has hinted at dating the Spurs star for months -- but now it's out in the open. She even referred to him as "my love."Yeah, droppin' L-bombs. Serious stuff.Anyway, enjoy the pics ... they're hot.
Khloe Kardashian has lashed out at the woman who claims Khloe blatantly stole her design for a catsuit, saying the Kardashian design is a cat of a different color.Khloe's lawyer, Marty Singer, fired off a threatening letter saying Destiney Bleu has been lying on social media when she claims she sent Khloe a catsuit that she then copied and sold as part of her line, Good American.Singer acknowledges Khloe's stylist did request several catsuits back in December, but none resembled the one Khloe ultimately designed. The letter, which includes photos, notes the catsuits Bleu sent were full body, long sleeve and lined with crystals distributed evenly.The one Khloe designed is a sleeveless leotard, like a corset, with crystals concentrated in the bust area.The letter shows indignation from the get-go, calls it "a cheap publicity stunt in order to garner attention for herself and generate sales of her merchandise."
Don Lemon ﻿is torn over Megyn Kelly's controversial interview with radio host Alex Jones -- but ultimately seems to think he's not worth the airtime.We got the CNN anchor at LAX and asked what he thought about the backlash against Megyn for interviewing the Infowars host ... who's theorized the Sandy Hook massacre was a hoax.Some parents of victims are blasting Megyn, and lobbying NBC to yank the interview. Don, at first, had Megyn's back ... saying sometimes journalists have to go to "dark places."On a personal level though ... Don dismisses Jones as a total phony who doesn't deserve a platform.
A popular motivational speaker desperately wants the right to use the n-word freely, and he made a bizarre plea to do so while hosting his Internet show.Grant Cardone -- a best-selling author with 1.1 million Facebook followers -- was in the middle of interviewing entrepreneur Patrick Bet-David a couple weeks ago. The conversation shifted to Miami's diversity when, out of nowhere, Grant straight-up said he wants a stamp of approval to use the n-word.Important to note, Cardone wasn't following in Bill Maher's footsteps ... this aired before Maher's ill-fated slavery remark.
Kendall Jenner learned the hard way that you should always listen to mom ... she's looking for a new home after some super scary encounters with criminals.We've learned Kendall wants out of the neighborhood after an alleged stalker followed her right up her driveway. She was also robbed blind by someone who got into her bedroom and took $200k in jewelry.Kendall is clearly doing well for herself. She bought her current home a year ago, just above the Sunset Strip, for $6.5 million. She's now looking for homes with a much higher price point -- $15 MILLION! She's looking on the Westside of L.A. -- Bel Air and Bev Hills.As we reported, Kris Jenner never wanted Kendall to buy the home she's in, because it's not gated and it's located in an area where lots of people show up late at night for after-parties following a night on the Strip.
A standout contestant on "America's Got Talent" has died just weeks before his episode was scheduled to air ... TMZ has learned.Sources close to the production tell us 29-year-old Dr. Brandon Rogers died over the weekend in a car accident. We're told the crash occurred in Maryland Saturday. Brandon was taken to a hospital where he died Sunday.Brandon was a fantastic singer who was discovered by 'AGT' producers who saw him on Instagram covering Boyz II Men's hit song, "On Bended Knee." The band even shouted him out on social media, asking fans if they thought they should bring him on tour with them. Sure enough ... they did.This past weekend has been nothing short of amazing!! Sharing the stage with my idols...literally a dream come true!! Thank you SO much to 3 of the dopest most insanely talented singers ever @BoyzIIMen !!A post shared by Dr. Brandon Rogers (@drb_rog) on Jan 23, 2017 at 11:38am PSTProduction sources tell us no decision has been made on whether or not to run the episode. It's scheduled to air next month. The family tells TMZ they would love for the episode to air.throwback 🔃 ...know I love me a good 90s R&B classic @BoyzIIMen - #OnBendedKnee 🎤🎵🎶 #DearWanyaITried
3:33 PM PT -- The Senate Rules Committee just reversed the restriction ... so all is good with hallway interviews. U.S. Senators just collectively stiff-armed the media -- banning all recorded interviews in the hallways of the Capitol ... unless reporters get special permission.The new rule essentially allows the Senate to cherry-pick who they talk to and where. It also means our guy in D.C. won't be getting candid moments with YOUR elected officials.No more Sen. Burr boasting about his committee's TV ratings ... or Sen. Graham advising President Trump on his golf game ... or Sen. McCain pouring his heart out to Ashton Kutcher.Hallway interviews will still be allowed if approved by the Senate Rules Committee, the Senate Sergeant At Arms or the Senate Radio and TV Committee.Translation: more red tape and more booooring.Kanye probably put it best ...
LeBron James' hoops legacy is like your grandmother's old silver ... TARNISHED ... that's according to The Game who said this latest Finals loss puts MJ and Kobe ahead of LBJ FOREVER.We got Chuck Taylor out at The Parlor in L.A. right after the final buzzer and asked the hip-hop superstar what another loss on the big stage means for LeBron.FYI -- James is now 3-5 all-time in the NBA Finals ... not exactly dominant, but not too shabby either.Game DOESN'T hold back (when does he?) saying LeBron isn't on the level of The Mamba & his Airness, 'cause he's just done too much losing.
Kourtney Kardashian is going where she hasn't really gone before ... hogging the ass spotlight.Kourt's down in Miami with her kids and some pals, including Hailey Baldwin. She hit the sand at the W Hotel Monday where her butt was on full display in a black bikini.It's apparent Kourtney has belatedly read the butt manual authored by sisters Kim, Khloe and Kylie, and she's clearly absorbed the content.For Kourt, there's her bottom and then there's rock bottom, but the latter is reserved for Scott Disick.
Dennis Rodman is at it again, playing diplomat and trying to ease fierce tensions between the U.S. and North Korea ... or so it seems.The NBA Hall of Famer arrived in Pyongyang Tuesday afternoon for what appears to be a four-night visit to promote "something that's pretty positive" and "open the door" to the regime.Rodman -- a former "Celebrity Apprentice" contestant -- is one of the very few Americans to have met Kim Jong Un. He last visited in 2014 when he held an exhibition basketball game and led a "happy birthday" sing-along for the North Korean dictator.
Scarlett Johansson and Colin Jost are NOT a one-off -- she and the 'SNL'er had another night out on the town.They reportedly hit Manhattan's Upper East Side Saturday night for dinner and drinks at East Pole. They were seen holding hands through the meal ... according to the NY Post.Colin and Scarlett were first seen together last month after she made a guest appearance on 'SNL's' season finale. They were reportedly hanging all over each other and making out at the cast after-party that night.By all accounts the dinner was much more chill, but had the look of a more serious date.Scarlett's in the middle of divorcing Romain Dauriac.Props to Colin -- no better time to put a rebound on your stat line.
Denny's customers got an off-the-menu breakfast special -- a crazed deer that crashed through a window ... and scrambled around the restaurant.Broken glass went flying as the deer leaped into the restaurant ... clearing rows of booths and tables Saturday morning in Rome, NY.Amazingly, it totally stuck the landing -- avoiding people and furniture. After slipping and falling on the tile floors ... someone opened the front door and the deer simply ran out, uninjured.
Bill Cosby was antsy enough that he didn't want to wait at home Tuesday, because he showed up to the courthouse where a jury is deciding if he sexually assaulted Andrea Constand.Cosby's wife, Camille, did not show today. The jury deliberated 4 hours Monday night before calling it quits for the evening.Cosby faces 3 sexual assault charges, each one carrying a maximum of 10 years in prison.
The Golden State Warriors had so much energy left after crushing the Cleveland Cavaliers, they partied their faces off all night long ... poppin' champagne, dancing and raging with fans!After the final buzzer, a bunch of the Warriors hit up Harlot Nightclub in San Fran -- where the guys partied with more than $150k in Moet & Chandon bubbly.We're told the players and their friends ripped through 80 bottles of champagne in total -- including 2 custom 6 liter Moet & Chandon Nectar Rose bottles (they usually run about $15k each).Too Short, E-40, and Terrell Owens also attended the festivities.But maybe the best part of the celebration -- Kevin Durant yelling with fans while holding his NBA Finals MVP trophy. Awesome moment.Other highlights include champagne showers in the locker room and Steph Curry enjoying a celebratory dance with his wife, Ayesha.Congrats to the champs!
Corinne Olympios was so wasted several hours after she and DeMario Jackson hooked up, she could hardly stand.Witnesses at the Mexican resort tell us 2 hours after her sexual encounter with DeMario ... she was stumbling drunk, eyes closed, slurring badly and wearing her clothes inside out.  As one source put it, "she was on a whole other level."TMZ broke the story, a week ago Sunday Corinne and DeMario were naked in the pool, "rubbing, touching and fingering" and engaging in oral sex.As we reported, Corinne insists she was so wasted she was incapable of giving consent, and blames producers for not calling a halt to the escapade. She says she has no recollection of events in the pool.People who have seen footage of the encounter tell TMZ it's apparent she was lucid the entire time.We know DeMario says when they went to the pool, Corinne was drunk but still lucid.Connecting the dots ... it's possible Corinne was drunk but still with it at the pool, but as she continued drinking entered a blackout stage and forgot most of what happened from the time she began drinking.
Kodak Black wants to make sure his next duet doesn't get his ass thrown back in jail.Kodak's attorney, Bradford Cohen, filed docs Monday asking the judge to clarify the conditions of Kodak's house arrest -- specifically if working with rappers with a criminal history would be a violation.In the past, he's worked with Rick Ross, Gucci Mane and Young Thug ... all of whom have rap sheets. Kodak's been ordered not to associate with known felons, but wants an exception for work associates and family members.Seems like the 20-year-old rapper's learning. The last time he violated house arrest -- by hitting a strip club -- it cost him 97 days in jail.
One of Rachel Lindsay's guys on "The Bachelorette" was determined, or even desperate, to be on the show ever since he was in high school.Fan fave Peter Kraus listed his future plans in his 2005 high school yearbook. The senior at Edgewood High in Madison, WI wrote ... "Go to art school, become famous in one way or another, be on The Bachelor, live happily."Welp ... he can knock being on the show off his bucket list, which arguably means ... he's accomplished the "famous" part too.There's fan speculation Peter's the guy Rachel picks, and actually gets engaged to at the end of the season. She does seem really into him.Makes ya wonder if she knows about Peter's high school ambitions.
Delta Airlines missed a needle that was left in a seat pocket, and an unsuspecting guest got stuck by it -- leading to a year of HIV testing ... according to a lawsuit.In docs, Gabriel Ybarra says he was flying from LAX to Atlanta in 2015 when he reached into a seat pocket to grab his wallet, and got stabbed by the needle. He says he had to pull the needle out of his right middle finger, which started "bleeding profusely."Ybarra says "his life flashed in front of him." When he went to a doctor he says he had to undergo a battery of tests, and take powerful meds to ensure he didn't contract anything, especially HIV.According to the suit, obtained by TMZ, he says the meds caused months of dizziness, headaches, body aches and "explosive diarrhea." He also says he couldn't perform "his duties as a husband to his wife for months."


Accused NSA leaker Reality Winner doesn't have access to her CrossFit gym behind bars, but that's not stopping her from putting the prison yard to good use.Winner, in her orange jumpsuit, got in a workout Monday behind the barbed-wire fencing at the Lincoln County Jail in Georgia. She ran laps and did yoga stretches... including a handstand up against the wall.As we reported ... Reality was a big-time fitness junkie who competed in CrossFit tournaments at her gym.The judge denied her bail last week after she pleaded not guilty to charges she leaked classified NSA intel to a news site.
Former O.J. Simpson prosecutor Christopher Darden says his baby mama's on a mission to destroy him, and he's turned over a slew of emails to cops to prove it.Darden told LAPD he believes Celia Smith has been firing off very threatening, and colorful emails since October 2015. One from December 2016 reads ... "You AIDS having Bitch I promise I'm coming for you and you better not come near my daughter. I will GET YOU BITCH."Another email says, "My life's mission is to destroy you bitch and I won't stop until it happens I promise you."TMZ broke the story ... Darden got a restraining order last year against Smith, with whom he has a daughter ... claiming she was unstable, threatening and in need of psychiatric treatment.
Nick Gordon's arrest over the weekend for allegedly beating up his girlfriend will be evidence in the death investigation of Bobbi Kristina ... and makes it more likely he could face criminal charges.The Fulton County D.A. tells TMZ, "It goes without saying that the arrest of Nick Gordon in the Florida domestic violence case will certainly add an additional layer of evidence to the final resolution of this matter."As we previously reported, Nick continues to be a person of interest in Bobbi Kristina's 2015 death. The criminal investigation has been ongoing for 2 years, with no resolution.Gordon's arrest for domestic violence and kidnapping clearly has relevance to Fulton County officials.
Corinne Olympios claims she was in a blackout state when she got sexual with fellow "Bachelor in Paradise" star DeMario Jackson ... and she blames producers for not pulling the plug and protecting her, although our sources say people who have seen the tape claim she was lucid and fully engaged.Sources close to Corinne tell TMZ she was drunk the entire day of filming when she ended up naked in the swimming pool with DeMario. Although DeMario remembers everything -- from "rubbing, touching and fingering" to licking her genitals -- she says she remembers nothing.We're told the day after the swimming pool incident she claims fellow cast members began telling her stories of what went down with DeMario. She says several cast members told her they had voiced concern to people on the production crew that she was in no position to consent to sexual activity, but the crew did not heed their warnings.Production sources insist other cast members did not complain to anyone that Corinne was too drunk to form an intent to have sexual contact with DeMario.Corinne has told her friends she has a boyfriend and wouldn't have done what she did -- especially with cameras rolling -- to jeopardize that relationship.As we reported, sources familiar with the footage say she appeared "fully engaged." Corrine doesn't fully blame DeMario because he too was drunk. She blames producers and has lawyered up."Bachelor in Paradise" has been shut down as Warner Bros investigates.
President Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame was defaced with a slew of stickers during Sunday's Resist March.Protesters covered Trump's oft-vandalized star with #resist stickers that target misogyny, transphobia, corruption, homophobia, xenophobia ... to name just a few.The President's star is keeping cleanup crews busy. This will probably be the easiest repair job for them though. As we've reported ... the star's previously been obliterated with a pickax, had a mini-wall built around it and ... had a golden toilet placed on it.That one takes the creative crown.
Stephen Belafonte bitched photogs were getting shots of his daughter during his monitored visits, but his plea to change the location for those visits was shot down.The judge decided to keep things status quo after Mel B's estranged husband pointed out photos of their 5-year-old daughter, Madison, hiding her face. Belafonte's attorney said the pics were taken outside the building where he meets Madison.The judge felt the pics weren't enough evidence the child was being harmed, and added ... if there was a throng of paps things could be different.Later this month, another hearing is set where Belafonte will try to convince the judge he needs emergency spousal support. As we reported, he claims he's broke and couch surfing with friends.
Halsey and Lauren Jauregui's recent collab, "Strangers," is about 2 chicks having the hots for each other, but they were both into one dude Saturday night ... Don Julio!!!The duo let loose Saturday at Miami's LIV nightclub where DJ Cedric Gervais was spinning for his birthday. We're told the ladies rolled in with a bunch of girlfriends, and ordered 2 bottles of DJ 1942, and 2 bottles of Belvedere for their table.Looks like it was a fun night, although it was really in the morning ... from 1 AM until closing at 4 AM.Total booze tab was $5k. As for which singer paid -- we're told Halsey got this one.
Donald Trump says Deshaun Watson is going to be a great pro, Hunter Renfrow is "lucky" he caught the game-winning TD and Bill Belichick loves him some Dabo Swinney.That's the Cliffs Notes version of Trump's speech to the Clemson Tigers football team at the White House on Monday ... where POTUS congratulated the guys for winning the National Championship.Trump called out several players from the crowd to come up -- including ex-Tigers QB Desean Watson, who was flown into D.C. by the owners of his new team, the Houston Texans.Trump also called the National Championship game against Alabama one of the greatest football games he's ever seen.Overall, lots of praise from Trump -- but none of the zingers/dad jokes Barack Obama was known for delivering.What's also cool ... the Secret Service agent who greeted the team is ex-Tigers WR Kevin Youngblood -- who played for Clemson in the early 2000's (and had a short stint in the NFL) before dedicating his life to protecting POTUS.
Sam Panopoulos -- the guy credited with inventing Hawaiian pizza when he added chunks of pineapples and ham in 1962 -- is dead.The Greek-Canadian restaurateur unexpectedly died last week at a hospital in London, Ontario. He owned a restaurant in Ontario when he concocted what quickly became a global sensation.Its popularity spread and remains to this day a staple, but there's arguably equal disdain for the ham/pineapple combination. Earlier this year, Iceland's President suggested banning pineapple on pizzas.The Prez said it in jest ... but it's no laughing matter for Hawaiian lovers.Sam was 83.
Remy Ma stole the show at Hot 97's massive Summer Jam concert at MetLife Stadium .. or at least her boobs did.Remy came running onstage for her verse of "Lean Back" but only made it a couple of steps before her right boob popped out ... momentarily.The MC was a total pro though ... keeping on mic, while getting her girls back in line.We'd say she didn't miss a beat, and she didn't -- but her wardrobe department might want to spend some time shopping for bras.
Chief Keef was busted at an airport in South Dakota after forgetting he had drugs on him.Chief was arrested before getting on a plane in Sioux Falls early Monday morning after authorities discovered the rapper had weed and paraphernalia on him.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ authorities found 4 blunts and an edible in his backpack. The edible's wrapper clearly said it contained 200 mg of THC, which was a dead giveaway. In total, we're told Chief was allegedly in possession of more than an ounce of bud. He was cuffed and booked for possession of marijuana and paraphernalia.Sources close to Chief tell us he simply forgot he had it on him before boarding his flight. He had a scheduled performance in Sioux Falls the night before. This comes on the heels of Chief being busted for DUI in Miami just a couple months ago.
Bill Cosby's defense lasted about a nanosecond before his team rested and delivered a closing argument laced with cheating and betrayal.Cosby's team only called one witness, and then, with Camille in the gallery, Cosby's lawyer made the case that his relationship with Andrea Constand was consensual ... "When you dance outside your marriage, you got to pay the band ... and he danced and she [pointing to Camille] deserved better."The attorney went on to note the case could have been filed years ago but wasn't ... "This is why this case went into a trashcan, because Mr. Cosby told them everything they needed to know."
Jennifer Lopez had most of her audience -- including Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan -- shaking their asses during her closing song ... everyone except Alex Rodriguez.J Lo belted out "On the Floor" Sunday night to close out her final show in Vegas for the summer. Alex was hanging with Jenna and Channing ... and was, apparently, too intimidated by Mr. Magic Mike to show off his own dance moves.Even though he's got J Lo, there are clearly limits to A-Rod's confidence.Can't really blame him after seeing Channing and Jenna's moves.
The Pulse nightclub victims were remembered early Monday -- the first anniversary of the mass shooting -- by 49 people dressed as angels.Each angel walked in silently and surrounded the club ... each representing someone who was fatally shot by Omar Mateen in the worst mass shooting in recent U.S. history.The angels appeared shortly after 1 AM Monday. Mateen had entered the club and opened fire shortly after 2 AM a year ago.
"Bachelor in Paradise" was shut down because a field producer filed a complaint that Corinne Olympios seemed so drunk the first day of filming she had no ability to consent to DeMario Jackson's sexual moves in a swimming pool, and producers nonetheless let it play out on film.The producer in question believes Corinne may have been sexually assaulted, although we know DeMario claims the encounter was not only consensual ... she was the instigator.TMZ broke the story of DeMario's version of events ... that he and Corinne were drinking heavily and making out at the bar. She suggested they take it to the swimming pool, where they took their clothes off and began "rubbing, touching and fingering." He also claims she put her genitals in his face and he began licking. He says he was unable to consummate things because he was so drunk.Our sources say the field producer in question was assigned to shadow Corinne, and began hearing stories from people on the set that Corinne was so drunk she had no idea what was going on in the pool. It's unclear if the producer watched the incident, but we know she has NOT seen the footage.People familiar with the footage tell TMZ Corinne appears "fully engaged." As we reported, after the complaint was filed Warner Bros immediately dismissed both DeMario and Corinne and launched an investigation into "misconduct."
Bill Cosby is launching his defense in his sexual assault trial with one of his most powerful weapons ... his wife.Camille Cosby walked arm-in-arm with her husband Monday as they entered the courthouse. Camille has been MIA for the entire first week of the trial. Conventional wisdom ... if you don't have a supporting spouse in the peanut gallery, it looks like you did something wrong.
"Bachelor in Paradise" stars Corinne Olympios and DeMario Jackson pushed the envelope too far, and "the truth came to light" ... so says 'Bachlorette' star Eric Bigger.Eric was leaving Nightingale Sunday night and chimed in on the 'BiP' controversy that shut down production. He believes Corrine and DeMario probably were having fun, until things got out of hand.TMZ broke the story ... a producer complained about the contestants getting extremely sexual in a swimming pool. Warner Bros halted production and launched an investigation.
AWESOME ... and also ... GROSS!!!After the Pittsburgh Penguins won Lord Stanley's Cup on Sunday, fans took to the streets and celebrated by EATING RAW DEAD CATFISH!Why, you ask?The Penguins beat the Nashville Predators -- whose fans often throw dead catfish on the ice during games.The eating of the dead, raw catfish is obviously symbolic -- then again, so is buying one of those fake mini-Stanley Cups and running around with that instead.Pittsburgh PD tells us they had no arrests related to the celebration and 1 medical transport for someone who fell and hit their head.Congrats! (And also, good luck to your toilets).We go live to Pittsburgh where they're eating catfishA post shared by Spittin' Chiclets (@spittinchiclets) on Jun 11, 2017 at 9:18pm PDT@barstoolsports more eating catfish video from last night pic.twitter.com/VY1LB0FKT8
Ex-NHL tough guy Sean Avery didn't just fight on the ice -- he fought in the middle of an NYC street back in 2013 ... and TMZ Sports has found the video.We know ... it's old. But it's kind of awesome.We've confirmed the 37-year-old former New York Rangers star -- who once led the NHL in penalty minutes -- got into it with 2 other men on June 19, 2013 after a verbal altercation escalated.Avery kicks some serious ass before he got cheap-shotted -- and even the sucker punch didn't phase the guy. It's actually really impressive.In the end, we're told cops were never called to the scene -- and get this, both groups actually hugged it out afterward. Seriously!
Xscape fired up their fans when they announced a reunion a few months back, and now they're giving more -- a docuseries.Production sources tell TMZ ... the all girl R&B super group is filming in ATL and the show will air on Bravo. We're told it premieres in November ... when 'RHOA' returns so it can piggyback off the show.The show will follow all 4 members -- Kandi Burruss, Tiny Harris, LaTocha and Tamika Scott -- as they reunite to prepare for their first performance in over 20 years which takes place at Essence Festival later this month.
Gisele Bundchen's baller ride from her co-starring role in the 2004 movie, "Taxi," has a shot at history after saving its owner's life ... at least that's what the owner wants to see happen.Gisele made her acting debut as a bank robber -- opposite Jimmy Fallon and Queen Latifah -- and drove a bad ass 2003 BMW 760 Li for the role. 10 years later, Zach Schwatz from NY bought the whip for $14,500 from a production staffer. He got it with a new white paint job.Cut to last week, when Zach crashed his prized beamer into a tree. He suffered 2 broken feet and banged his head around, but believes it would've been way worse in a lesser ride. He's expected to make a full recovery, but the car's dunzo.Zach wants his baby to be preserved in the Museum of the Moving Image -- instead of ending up on a scrap heap. He's contacted the museum about making the donation, but hasn't heard back yet.Maybe they saw the movie. Just sayin' ...
"Bachelor in Paradise" was shut down after a producer complained about 2 contestants getting extremely sexual in a swimming pool ... this according to sources connected to contestant DeMario Jackson, but there are different versions and Warner Bros. has launched a full investigation.Here's DeMario's version of events, as told by people with whom he spoke:Last Sunday -- the first day of production at a Mexican resort -- DeMario Jackson and Corinne Olympios were told by producers one of the story lines would be the 2 of them hooking up ... especially entertaining because both are considered villains from previous shows.We're told the 2 met at the bar and the alcohol was flowing. DeMario says Corinne jumped in his lap and started making out with him. We're told there was lots of "intense rubbing."DeMario says Corinne then suggested they retreat to the pool, with the cameras rolling. They took off their clothes, started making out and "rubbing, touching and fingering." He says she put her genitals in his face and he began licking, but we're told this allegation is a big point of contention and others disagree with his account. He says he was not able to engage in intercourse because of the alcohol.DeMario says the next day everything was fine and he and Corrine were actually getting along well, but on Tuesday they were called in by the Executive Producer and told one of the show producers had seen the film and was "uncomfortable" with what was shot.The producer has filed a formal complaint with Warner Bros. Warner brass immediately suspended production, launched an investigation and released DeMario and Corrine. Two days later Warner Bros. released the entire cast while they investigated alleged "misconduct."
David Hasselhoff's daughter, Hayley, has been charged in her DUI case and we've learned her blood alcohol was off the charts.Law enforcement tells TMZ ... Hayley blew a .14 last month when cops found her passed out in her Mercedes on an L.A. freeway off-ramp. The legal limit in California is .08.As we first reported ... she had to be taken to a hospital before she was booked.Now, the city attorney has officially charged Hayley, and if convicted she faces up to 6 months in jail and a $1,000 fine.That sentence is almost unheard of though for first, and even second-time offenders.
1-800-Flowers may be in hot water after one of its vases imploded in a customer's hands ... so claims the customer in a new lawsuit.Martha Nippert claims she suffered a "severe and debilitating laceration of a tendon in her middle finger" when a flower-filled vase delivered to her home shattered in her hands.She says when the flowers were delivered she removed the arrangement from its packaging and took it to her kitchen sink, adding fresh water -- up to the halfway point on the vase. She says she put her hands on the vase to carry it to the dining room, and that's when it imploded.Nippert says the injury was devastating, in no small part because she's a professional illustrator and designer and lost work. She also says the surgeon told her she'll never regain full range of motion.That's not all. She says she couldn't nurse her newborn because she was on pain meds. And it was virtually impossible for her to do simple household chores with only her left arm.

Donald Trump's White House is now complete with 1 First Lady and 1 First Kid ... Melania and Barron Trump have officially moved in.President Trump touched down in D.C. Sunday evening with his wife and 11-year-old son, along with Melania's parents. Barron was rocking a shirt that proved he was a pro at this sort of thing.As we reported ... Melania and Barron's move to D.C. has been scheduled since at least March, if not earlier. The Trumps were simply waiting for Barron to finish his 5th grade year in New York before heading south. Now, he'll be attending St. Andrew's Episcopal as an incoming 6th grader ... where sports will play a big role in his curriculum.Melania tweeted from inside the White House Sunday. Looks like she's getting comfy in her new digs already.Looking forward to the memories we'll make in our new home! #Movingday pic.twitter.com/R5DtdV1Hnv#HomeSweetHome
Production for 'Bachelor in Paradise' has been suspended after allegations of misconduct were reported ... which puts a halt to filming for the upcoming season indefinitely.Warner Bros. execs for the show said Sunday that they had been alerted to some sort of misconduct on the set of 'BiP', which is currently shooting in Mexico.As a result of the allegations -- which at this point have not been made public -- WB has put a temporary halt to the show and is now investigating. They've said they will also take appropriate action upon completing the investigation.This season of 'BiP' is highly anticipated, especially after Nick Viall's recent stint on 'The Bachelor.' Some of his axed ladies like Raven Gates, Corinne Olympios and Taylor Nolan were cast, as was Amanda Stanton from Ben Higgins' season. Some of the guys cast were Derek Peth, Nick Benvenutti, Ben Zorn and DeMario Jackson.
6:45 AM PT -- ﻿Telfair was released on $75,000 bond around 12:30am.Telfair's bail bondsman, Ira Judelson, tells us Telfair lives in Florida and has a license for guns there, but not in New York.Former NBA player Sebastian Telfair was arrested this weekend with a small arsenal on him that made it seem like he was ready for military combat.32-year-old Telfair and an 18-year-old man, Jami Thomas, were busted by Brooklyn PD Sunday while in possession of 4 firearms -- 3 pistols and what appears to be a semi-automatic rifle. Cops say he was also carrying a TON of rounds for the guns, as well as marijuana. Cops also found a bullet-proof vest in their Ford pickup truck, which reportedly carried Florida plates.Officers took a photo of the weapons ... it looks like Telfair and his guy were ramping up for something major with this kind of fire power.BREAKING: @NBA star Sebastian Telfair arrested in BK with semi-automatic gun, loaded guns, loads of ammunition and marijuana, PD sources pic.twitter.com/6hdhSdyXlSThe ex-point guard played on a number of teams between 2004 and 2013 -- from the Portland Trail Blazers, the Boston Celtics, the Minnesota Timberwolves, the Los Angeles Clippers, the Cleveland Cavaliers and finally to the Toronto Raptors. He ended up playing professionally in China after that.Telfair was arrested in 2007 after a loaded gun was found in his car, and pled guilty to criminal possession of a weapon.Story developing ...
Dana White has friends in high places ... and that includes Kendrick Lamar.The UFC honcho booked Kendrick Saturday for his son's 16th birthday party at the Brooklyn Bowl in Vegas. We're told about 300 people were in attendance ... but it really seemed like a straight up concert from the looks of this footage shot inside.Kendrick is one of the hottest artists in the game right now, so getting him to play a show -- let alone a private one -- probably doesn't come easy. Yet, one way or another ... Dana sealed the deal.Somewhere out there, Conor McGregor's hoping he can do the same with Floyd.
Nick Gordon -- who was held legally responsible for the death of Whitney Houston's daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown -- made his first court appearance after being arrested Saturday for allegedly beating up his girlfriend.TMZ broke the story ... cops cuffed Nick and took him to jail, where he was booked for domestic violence and kidnapping. According to the police report, Nick allegedly beat her so badly Friday she had to go to the hospital.During Sunday's hearing, the judge ordered Nick to wear a GPS monitor and stay clear of the alleged victim. His bond was set at $15k for the kidnapping charge and another $500 was tacked on for domestic violence. Sources close to his camp tell us Nick has not made bail yet, since he doesn't have that kind of cash lying around.As part of his stay-away order from the judge, Nick was forbidden to return to what he's calling his own house ... where the alleged incident happened. Nick told the judge that's his place and that his GF doesn't live there ... but the judge said that'd be determined later.Either way ... it doesn't sound like Nick will be home anytime soon.
A cheap shot during a kickboxing bout left one fighter knocked out cold and the other with a possible broken jaw.Murthel Groenhart and Harut Grigorian were in the first round of their fight at Glory 42 in Paris, when for some reason Grigorian turned his back and began walking to his corner, and Groenhart landed a vicious haymaker and it was lights out for Grigorian. Fans then rushed the ring to attack Groenhart.
Joe Jonas made Prince proud on Saturday ... and probably his girlfriend, Sophie Turner, too.The couple was spotted cruising around Malibu in Joe's little red vintage Corvette ... this after hiking together in L.A. earlier the same day.Eyewitnesses tell us Joe stopped off for gas at PCH and Cross Creek, and got some girls at the gas station to lose their minds once they realized who he was.
Ryan Seacrest seems like a man headed for a church, because he's in a relationship ... hook, line and sinker.Seacrest and GF, Shayna Taylor, were showing full-blown PDA poolside in Miami Saturday, and it's apparent why she floats in his boat.Shayna and Ryan broke up a while back but got together again,and are now living together in New York ... where he moved to do "Live" with Kelly Ripa.We're smelling a joint tax return in the not too distant future.
London police have released photos of the fake suicide belts worn by the London Bridge terrorists ... which reportedly turned out to be water bottles wrapped in tape.The belts were strapped to the 3 men as they mowed down pedestrians on the Bridge, then went to a nearby restaurant and stabbed numerous people.All 3 were shot and killed.London authorities say the fake devices looked authentic and were presumably used to hold people at bay as they executed their plot.8 people were killed during the attack last weekend and at least 48 were injured. Among the injured ... 4 unarmed police officers.
President Trump ﻿﻿﻿﻿interrupted his golf weekend to surprise a bride and groom who tied the knot at his club.The wedding was thrown at the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster Township in New Jersey.Trump's been a fixture at the club over the years and has marketed wedding crashing in his brochures, saying, "If he (Trump) is on-site for your big day, he will likely stop in & congratulate the happy couple. He may take some photos with you, but we ask you and your guests to be respectful of his time and privacy."Well, he delivered.
"Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles" star Madison Hildebrand had an interesting showing at his own house this week ... a guy walking around naked showing his junk, and it was caught on surveillance video.The guy made his way into Madison's Weho home, stripped ... then grabbed some Q-tips to clean his ears. He also helped himself to a shower.The naked dude tripped the security system on the way in, and after getting an alert there was "motion" in his house Madison called police. The guy gave cops a run for their money by hiding in the attic.The L.A. County DA has charged the naked man with burglary ... he pled not guilty.We caught Hildebrand out in Hollywood Friday and he said he has a solution ... a gun.
Bart Johnson, who played Zac Efron's dad in "High School Musical" says a recent vid of fans freaking out over spotting him is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to his life after 'HSM.'Johnson says he was out running in Burbank last week when the fans started yelling for him -- so, naturally, he busted out the famous catchphrase. Johnson tells us run-ins like this happen all the time ... even though it's been more than 10 years since the first 'HSM' flick debuted.Bart says the craze is even international ... as he learned in a small town in Sicily.I always pay respect to my Wildcat gangsters in the mean streets of LA or anywhere. #respect #hsm #liveanddieformywildcats #coachboltonlovesyou 🏀🐾 ### #Repost @bitch ・・・ goals 😂 (via: exandratheloser / twitter)A post shared by Bart Johnson (@bart_johnson) on Jun 8, 2017 at 10:08am PDT
Aaron Carter regrets suggesting he'll not only pack heat at the L.A. Gay Pride Parade this weekend, but he'd shoot anyone who came for his fans.Aaron told TMZ Thursday he's ready to fight terrorists with his own brand of terror ... a gun, which he's more than willing to use.But later Friday he moonwalked his statement back, saying emotions got the best of him.Aaron will perform at the parade, which is expected to draw hundreds of thousands of people. Security is super tight.
Julia Stambler isn't scared boyfriend Charlie Sheen has HIV ... and she wants to spread the word it's not a relationship buzzkill.Sources close to the new couple tell us ... Julia and Charlie believe there are surefire ways to avoid contracting the virus -- anti-viral meds and, of course, protection. Charlie has said his HIV levels are "undetectable" and Julie says that gives her even more reassurance.We're told Julia is hurt that many of her friends are warning her to stay clear of Charlie because of HIV, and she thinks they're ignorant and living in the fearful past. She also thinks it's a terrible message to send to people with HIV.As for Charlie's substance abuse issues, we're told Julia believes Charlie ... that he's been clear for nearly a year and his lifestyle has become militant healthy. She believes he's clean, because he's participating in an HIV drug trial and that includes regular drug tests.
Rap star Riff Raff ain't the only famous dude in his family -- his cousin is a high school basketball phenom who's gone viral for dunk videos ... and Raff says he's got real NBA talent.The Neon Icon's younger cousin is Mac McClung -- a high school junior who's already gotten offers from 11 Division 1 college programs after averaging 29 points a game with 5.5. rebounds.Plus, he dunked almost 40 TIMES last season -- which got him some serious Internet love.Riff says Mac's the real deal -- with potential to ball with the best in the world."He just has the drive, you know what I mean? Same heart and drive, he has the NBA attitude. So with that, you can't coach that."And, oh yeah, LaVar Ball -- Raff says his family's coming for you.FOLLOW MY COUSiN HE GOT CRAZY DUNKS AND COOKiE CRiSP PASSES HE iS iN HiGH SCHOOL AVERAGES 30 POiNTS PER GAME iM GOiNG TO GO TO A FEW GAMES THiS UPCOMiNG SEASON AT GATE CiTY HiGH SCHOOL iN ViRGiNiA ... HE iS GUNNA PLAY iN THE NBA LOOK AT HiS OUTLANDiSH DUNKS SHiT iS RiDiCULOUS i USED TO PUSH HiS STROLLER AROUND TOYS R US NOW HE CAN JUMP OVER MY TOUR BUS SMH .... FOLLOW @macmcclung37 ON HiS WAY TO THE NBA .... BALLiN iN THE BLOOD
Selena Gomez couldn't keep her hands to herself in these two similar sidewalk pics ... keep your eye on the prize as you examine the walkin' shots and try to determine the differences between the almost identical images.
6:50 PM PT -- Gordon's girlfriend told police he was pissed off because he thought she was trying to hook up with one of his friends at a sports bar Friday night. She says they got home from the bar and argued into the early morning.When she tried to leave, Gordon started "punching and hitting her and refused to let her leave." She says he also snatched a laptop she was trying to use to communicate with her sister.According to the police report, she was only able to leave when she woke up Gordon's mother, who apparently also lives in the home. Gordon's mother drove to the gf's home ... where the gf's sister then took her to the hospital.Nick told police he did not hit the woman, and claims she attacked him ... and wanted to press charges against her.Nick Gordon -- Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend who was found legally responsible for her death -- has been arrested for domestic violence and kidnapping his current girlfriend.Gordon was taken into custody Saturday afternoon in Sanford, Florida. He's facing 2 charges -- domestic violence battery and kidnapping/false imprisonment of an adult.Sources close to the girlfriend tell TMZ ... Nick allegedly beat her up Friday night so badly she had to go to the hospital.Law enforcement tells us ... the girlfriend filed a report at the police station Saturday morning claiming she'd been battered and not allowed to leave their residence. We're told officers went to the residence and found Nick at the pool area.We've obtained photos of the girlfriend's alleged injuries.You may recall ... Gordon's on the hook for $36 million to Bobbi Kristina's estate, and he's still under criminal investigation for her death.
Richard Hammond, ex-host of the wildly popular "Top Gear" TV show, was injured when his race car crashed, flipped and burst into flames.The 47-year-old was competing Saturday in a race for the Amazon Prime show, "The Grand Tour" in Switzerland when his electric car somehow got in a single vehicle accident.Hammond climbed out of the car before it burst into flames, burning the vehicle to a crisp. He suffered a fractured knee but judging from the pics ... he was super lucky.Apparent video from right before the crash has also surfaced ... showing Hammond losing control right before a turn.He was airlifted to a hospital, but according to co-host Jeremy Clarkson ... the injuries are not serious.
Katy Perry got emotional during a live streamed therapy session ... saying she's ashamed of thoughts she's had in the past when she was depressed.The pop star was speaking with Dr. Siri Sat Nam Singh -- known as "The Therapist" on Viceland -- when she opened up to him about suicidal thoughts ... something she wrote a song about.Perry also discussed love issues ... like how she just recently learned how to hug.
Christina El Moussa's officially off the market ... we got the first pic of her out with her new man.The "Flip or Flop" star had date night with her new bf -- an Orange County businessman named Doug -- in Costa Mesa Friday night. The 2 hit up Mastro's Steakhouse.Christina was previously linked to NHL player Nate Thompson ... but said it was nothing serious.
Bella Hadid had the right sized uniform, but oversized equipment, as she took in some French Open action.Bella rocked a miniskirt in her tight white Nike tennis outfit Saturday at Roland Garros Stadium while watching the Women's Singles Final. Jelena Ostapenko staged a huge comeback to beat Simona Halep.Serena Williams didn't compete this year -- she's a little bit pregnant in case you haven't heard -- but was on hand to watch this week ... along with celebs like Lindsey Vonn, Hugh Grant, Alexander Skarsgard and Andre Agassi.
Adam West -- star of TV's "Batman" -- has died after a short battle with leukemia.The actor played Batman/Bruce Wayne in the campy 1960's television series and years later landed a recurring role on "Family Guy" as the voice of the mayor of Quahog.The TV version of "Batman" ran on ABC from 1966 - 68 and was an enormous, campy hit and remains an iconic version of the famed Caped Crusader.Wayne was always on the receiving end of hilarious lines delivered by co-star Burt Ward, aka Robin ... "Holy atomic pile," "Holy barracuda," "Holy Benedict Arnold," "Holy popcorn," and "Holy shrinkage!"West died Friday night at his home in Los Angeles. The family released a statement, saying ... "Our dad always saw himself as The Bright Knight, and aspired to make a positive impact on his fans’ lives. He was and always will be our hero.”Fellow Batman actor, Ben Affleck, echoed the sentiment in a tweet ... "Adam West exemplified heroism. Kind, funny and an all around great guy. Thank you for showing us all how it's done."He was 88.RIP
Amber Rose bushwhacked Instagram's no-nudity policy and got the photo removed, but it still lives on ... as does her campaign to "bring back the bush."Amber pushed IG's boundaries late Friday night by posting a bottomless pic of herself ... and it was deleted within 2 hours. It didn't matter though, because her "fire ass feminist post" had already been picked up ... plus she posted on Twitter too.Rose added a reply to the pic's removal shortly after ... claiming she didn't give a f*** and making her intentions perfectly clear.When IG deletes ur fire ass feminist post but you really don't give a fuck because everyone picked it up already #amberroseslutwalk #bringbackthebush 😍
Erin McAuliffe -- a 25-year-old math teacher -- has been arrested for carrying on sexual relationships with 3 male high school students.The charter school teacher at Rocky Mount Preparatory in North Carolina was taken into custody Thursday and faces 3 counts of sexual activity with a student and one count of indecent liberties with a minor. Two of the boys she allegedly had sex with are 17 ... the other is 16.Admin staff at McAuliffe's school reportedly tipped cops off and a month-long investigation was launched. All of her sexual activity with the students is believed to have taken place away from the school.Along with being arrested and charged ... McAuliffe also got canned from her teaching job.
James Comey can make a fortune yakking in front of crowds, but he could make more if he didn't piss off conservatives.We've spoken with a number of people who run celebrity speaker companies, and they all say Comey could pull between $75,000 and $100,000 a speech ... at least in the short term.To put this in context, the people who run these services say $75k - $100k is top of the heap in terms of money, with the exception of an exclusive club -- the POTUS club.We're told Barack Obama broke all records recently with a $400,000 gig. We're told Bill Clinton pulls between $200k - $250k a speech.
The Kardashians -- Khloe, Kourtney and Kris Jenner -- showed up to root on the Cleveland Cavaliers Friday night, which seemed like a sure-fire sign they would lose.But they didn't!The Cavs rolled the Golden State Warriors 137-116 to win Game 4 and avoid a sweep, and Khloe's boyfriend Tristan Thompson busted out of a slump to grab 10 boards and add 5 points and 5 assists.Announcer Jeff Van Gundy even took a few moments early in the game to denounce the family curse ... and he was right.
Tom Brady and the New England Patriots have their shiny new rings for winning Super Bowl 51 in dramatic fashion over the Atlanta Falcons ... which makes a handful for Tom Terrific.Brady, James White, Martellus Bennett and the rest of the Pats received their bling at a private ceremony at owner Bob Kraft's house. Celebs like Snoop Dogg and Gucci Mane were also on hand.The rings have 283 diamonds -- a nod to the fact the Pats were down 28-3 before engineering the greatest comeback ever.
Bill Maher gave an earnest apology for his joke last week -- that he was a "house n*****" -- but at one point he may have chosen the wrong word to explain himself.Bill was back live on "Real Time with Bill Maher" Friday night where he had a hard talk with Michael Eric Dyson about the use of the word.  Dyson said Bill's not a racist ... it's just another example of "white privilege." Maher repeatedly expressed regret, saying it was an off-the-cuff comment.That's when Bill explained his craft and what may have been behind him using the  n-word ... "Comedians are a special kind of monkey."   You gotta see the reactions.Bill also tried to reassure Kathy Griffin ... Self-projections of demise were greatly exaggerated.
Jason Derulo wasn't scared away from doing the "Monday Night Football" theme by the controversy surrounding Hank Williams Jr. ... because working on the song's too big to pass up.Some people were shocked ESPN brought Hank back for 'MNF' after he was fired in 2011 for comparing Obama to Hitler. But Derulo isn't fazed by Hank's past comments ... he says he's just excited to be part of the legendary football song's revival.Long story short -- Derulo is down to work with Hank, but when it comes to how he feels about him personally ... he's not going there. It's just business ... and all about that Monday night party.

Kevin Dillon has settled his divorce case, and no one even knew he was getting divorced.Jane Stuart filed a divorce petition last July ... asking a judge to end her 10-year marriage to Kevin, but the docs got buried in the system.Turns out they had a big issue ... she claimed they separated May 29, 2016, but the "Entourage" star fired back the date of separation was October 2008. It's hugely significant, because once they separated all future "Entourage" money was his, and his alone.She also said Kevin kept her in the dark on finances from day 1 of the marriage, and she also claimed he under-reported his earnings to the court to keep his support payments low. She believed he made more than $16 million for "Entourage."As with most of these cases ... it settled before going to trial. Last month Kevin agreed to pay Jane $3,174 a month in child support for their 11-year-old daughter, and she gets $7,214 in monthly spousal support.
No potential terrorist threat will stop Chromeo from headlining L.A. Pride this weekend, according to Dave 1 ... one half of the funk/pop/rock duo.Dave told us, he and P-Thugg are determined to take the stage, and part of their inspiration comes from the national reaction to the mass shooting a year ago at Pulse nightclub in Orlando.
Converse's classic shoes aren't made for walkin' as much as they're made for hurtin' your feet ... according to a new lawsuit.A California man says he bought a pair of Chuck Taylors as work shoes -- he walks around to advertise his website -- but the sneakers couldn't protect his dogs from getting seriously corny.In the docs, he says he got a nasty corn on his left foot that was so bad and so deep ... it "interferes with the nervous system of my toes." Seriously.He wants $10k to cover his long-term foot care, and to pay for a footwear upgrade. We'd suggest a comfy pair of orthotics, perhaps?
If you like bare butts and you cannot lie ... check out these stars who put their best asset on display and take a crack at guessing the famous face behind the full moon photos.

Ice Cube took Bill Maher to task on "Real Time" by letting him know it was wrong to use the n-word, and then suggesting Maher may have felt he had a pass because he's had black girlfriends.Cube wanted to know why Maher thought it was cool to use the word, and the host made it clear -- he didn't think it was cool, and then he apologized.
Tiger Woods told arresting officers he'd taken Xanax the night he was pulled over for DUI ... which has only now been revealed by an unredacted copy of the police report.In previous police docs, Tiger had copped to 4 other meds -- Solarex, Vicodin, Torix and Vioxx ... which he said he hadn't taken this year. There was no mention of Xanax.However, the new unredacted document -- first obtained by Golf Channel -- makes it clear ... when the officer asked Tiger if he'd taken any medication he stated Xanax.It's unclear why that drug was initially concealed in the report, but it helps support Tiger's original statement in which he said he'd had "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medications."There was no clear danger in combining the 4 drugs originally listed -- however, Vicodin and Xanax is a whole different story. The FDA warns combining Xanax with opiods can result in "profound sedation, respiratory depression, coma and death."
Jay Z is jamming all the way down in Jamaica, and ya gotta wonder if pregnant Beyonce is waiting in vain ... back in L.A.If ya missed the references -- Jay was spotted Friday in Kingston, where he was recording new music with Damien Marley ... in Bob Marley's legendary Tuff Gong Studio.A post shared by View Jamaica (@viewjamaica) on Jun 9, 2017 at 4:47pm PDTBy most calendars, Bey should be within days of having the twins. Remember, Mathew Knowles recently told us she was "more than 2 weeks" away from popping -- and that was 3 weeks ago! So ... tick, tick, tick.But Jay being a solid 6 hours away by private jet must mean the coast is clear ... for today, anyway.Bottom line? Don't worry about a thing ...
First, Ariana Grande brought the love, and now a bunch of naked people on bicycles -- looking like '60s flower children -- are pumping up spirits in Manchester.On the heels of Ariana's Manchester One Love concert ... the World Naked Bike Ride rolled through the UK city Friday. It's not necessarily the same spectacle as Justin Bieber, Katy Perry and Coldplay onstage -- but it's definitely something to see.
Casey Anthony is having a good time these days -- hanging out in restaurants and bars with friends -- but her parents have fallen on hard times, because we've learned their home is on the brink of foreclosure.Cynthia and George Anthony own a home in Orlando, FL, but they've fallen hopelessly behind in mortgage payments -- they haven't made one in more than 6 years.According to new legal docs, obtained by TMZ, U.S. Bank has now made its move to get the house back, claiming the parents of the woman acquitted of killing her child owe more than $128,000, plus interest.
President Trump and James Comey's blood feud is just getting started, because POTUS says he's willing to shoot down the ex-FBI Director's testimony ... under oath.The Prez held a news conference in the Rose Garden and, naturally, got peppered with questions about Comey. He insisted he NEVER demanded a loyalty oath from Comey ... and even further said, "Who would do that? I hardly know the man."He also insinuated there very well might be recordings of his and Comey's convos ... and he might be willing to let them go public.
Lil Wayne violently punched a security guard in the face and the guard claims it's a hate crime against white people ... this according to a new lawsuit.A California man claims he was working the front door at Hyde nightclub on the Sunset Strip in June 2016 when Weezy and his crew showed up for a BET Music Awards after-party ... and started acting belligerent.According to the docs ... the guard felt physically threatened but was trying to do his job controlling entry into the club when the rapper punched him with a closed fist and knocked him to the groundThe man claims Lil Wayne then threw a glass filled with alcohol in his face and yelled, "F*** you white boy!" ... which he claims makes it a hate crime.Wayne's camp has denied the rapper punched the guy.
Gloria Allred, much like the postman, rings twice ... and it cost her a seat inside Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial.Allred's phone rang in the middle of the trial Friday, just as it did Wednesday. She bolted from the court when it happened, but the damage was done. The judge has now banished her to an overflow room set up for public viewing of the proceedings.Court officials tell TMZ ... if her phone rings in that room, she'll be permanently ejected from the courthouse altogether.Gloria, who's repping some Cosby accusers (not Andrea Constand), caught a first-time offender break earlier in the week, but she's playing with fire now.
Sandra Bullock just got another restraining order against the man who broke into her home and made his way to her bedroom door with her inside ... and now we know his intention was to sexually assault her.Sandra's lawyer, Ed McPherson, beelined it for court Friday and got a TRO against Joshua Corbett, who got 5 years probation last month for the 2014 break-in.McPherson's move comes after the judge in the criminal case decided jail was not an appropriate punishment. He was ordered to in-patient treatment at a mental health facility.According to new legal docs, when Corbett was arrested, cops found a notebook with multiple pages of scribbled entries detailing his intention to sexually assault Bullock. The notebook also described sexual, lurid acts.Cops also found a number of illegal firearms at Corbett's house, including machine guns, assault rifles and explosive devices. In all, there were 24 firearms.Sandra's deeply concerned because, according to the legal docs, the LAPD has determined Corbett suffers from bipolar schizophrenia.
Samantha Geimer -- the woman Roman Polanski raped in 1977 when she was 13 -- thinks what's happening to him is outrageous and if she's over it ... everyone else should be too.Geimer appeared with Polanski's lawyer, Harland Braun, and told reporters she's been over this case since it happened. She called the rape "unpleasant" ... but the legal drama she had to endure afterward was far worse for her and her family.Geimer also ripped a previous DA who accused her of being out to get money from Polanski, and questioned her integrity.
Katy Perry's current live stream is leading up to an epic event that will let a few of her lucky fans see her up close and personal.Katy will be playing a free concert Monday in L.A. to promote her just-released fifth album, "Witness." Cameras have been glued to KP since Friday morning and will be for the next 72 hours until the performance.It's going to be a super secret event. Only 1,000 of her fans will be selected to attend the show and the chosen ones will be shuttled to the secret location. While it's free, fans can apply for a shot at the lottery at onsetproductions.com.Katy usually plays stadiums so seeing her in a small setting would be pretty rad, especially if she takes a shot at Taylor.
Your favorite Brazilian export is back ... and this year the Miss Bumbum Brazil contestants are putting a sporty spin on their introductions.The theme for their photo shoot was "Brazil - the land of football” -- yeah, we call it soccer, but we're guessing that won't stop you from checking out the hopefuls. Each chick slipped into a different jersey from national teams around the world. Find your favorite!The online vote begins in August to narrow the field down to 15 finalists. And there's a big change this year -- butt measurements cannot exceed 42 inches.
Nasty Gal founder Sophia Amoruso is officially single again, and it hardly cost her anything.We've learned a judge just granted her a divorce from Joel Jarek DeGraff. The couple was only married for a year, and they had an ironclad prenup before marrying in June 2015.Sophia, who is repped by disso queen Laura Wasser, will pay DeGraff $30,000. In return, DeGraff agreed to waive spousal support. She also paid him $18k for rent on his new pad.DeGraff gets to keep his 2014 Volvo, and that's about it.Sophia, who also wrote #Girlboss, created Nasty Gal before the couple married, so that money was always off the table. The prenup kept all of her earnings separate.Girl boss to the core.
Jim Norton's coming to Bill Maher's defense of the n-word, saying intentions make a difference -- plus, the rules on who can use the word seem kinda arbitrary.The comedian told us Maher's "house n*****" joke was definitely offensive, but he thinks the rabid backlash ignored the context. Norton points out there are lots of entertainers and artists -- even white ones -- who use the word in their work ... so, why the double standard with Bill?
TMZ Sports has obtained new footage of the Rex & Rob Ryan bar fight in Nashville -- which shows Rex cussing out a bar patron and then spilling a margarita on the guy.It all went down Sunday at Margaritaville -- you can see Matt Havel chatting up the ex-NFL coaches and another man at the Ryans' table ... until Havel said something that set Rex off.Unclear what Matt said ... but Rex blows up at the guy. Rob shoves him. And while Rex grabs the guy's drink to move it to another table, someone bumps his elbow ... and Matt gets splashed with booze.The fight quickly escalated ... with Rob eventually grabbing Matt by the neck.Havel later filed a police report accusing both brothers of simple assault.That said ... props to the singer who continued to play a pretty solid rendition of the Kenny Rogers classic, "The Gambler" while the scrap broke out.
Keshia Knight Pulliam's decision to escort Bill Cosby into his sexual assault trial was not only selfish, it violated a court order in her child custody agreement ... according to her ex himself.In new legal docs, Ed Hartwell says he only gets to see their daughter, Ella Grace, for one hour twice a week, but Keshia traveled out of state with her to be by Cosby's side on day 1 of the trial. Hartwell says she trampled his visitation rights because he was supposed to get Ella on Tuesday, but apparently Keshia was still out of town.Hartwell says Pulliam's in contempt and wants a make-up visit with his girl, pronto. He also wants her to cover all court and lawyer fees for this. Of course, Keshia recently called out Ed, claiming he's behind on child support payments.The saga continues.
9:10 AM PT -- Sources connected to Glenne tell us she had checked in to a hospital last week to get treatment for blood clots. We're told she seemed to be getting better, but things took a turn Thursday.Glenne Headly, who starred in huge movies and TV shows -- like "Dick Tracy," "Monk," "ER" and "The Night Of" -- died Thursday night ... according to her reps.Glenne's rep says, "It is with deep sorrow that we confirm the passing of Glenne Headly." The rep did not say anything about her cause of death. Glenne was 62.The beloved actress had her breakout movie roles back in the '80s in "Dirty Rotten Scoundrels" and also played Tess Trueheart in "Dick Tracy." She was also co-starred with Richard Dreyfuss in "Mr. Holland's Opus."Glenne earned one of her 2 Emmy nominations for the "Lonesome Dove" miniseries in 1989.Her most recent feature film was "The Circle" -- she played the wife of Bill Paxton, who died from a stroke in February.
Taylor Swift's not dropping the bad blood with Katy Perry because she decided to drop huge Spotify news at the exact moment Katy released her new album. Boom goes the dynamite.It might be the pettiest move -- or just brilliant -- but Swift put her entire catalog of songs on Spotify and other streaming services Thursday night. It can't be coincidence Katy's "Witness" album also came out Thursday night. Right?Seriously ... Taylor pulled her music from streaming sites in 2014, accusing them of not valuing her art. So, what changed and why now? Swift's camp says it's a thank-you to fans after her "1989" album sold over 10 million albums.Her music will also appear on Amazon and Tidal now. Previously, it had only been available on Apple Music.Katy Perry released "Swish Swish" a couple weeks ago ... which everyone took as her diss track response to "Bad Blood."KP's move.In celebration of 1989 selling over 10 Million Albums Worldwide and the RIAA's 100 Million Song Certification announcement, Taylor wants to thank her fans by making her entire back catalog available to all streaming services tonight at midnight.
Maya Rudolph tipped her hat to Prince Thursday night with her cover band, Princess ... the last night of back-to-back sold-out shows honoring the Purple One's 59th birthday.The 'SNL' vet performed at the Teragram Ballroom in L.A., and her old co-star, Fred Armisen, sat in on drums for "Darling Nikki", "Nasty Girl" and "Purple Rain."Even Prince had said he was a fan of Maya's group ... easy to see why.If you know what I'm singing about up here, c'mon, raise your hand!I only want to see you #laughing in the #purplerain !! #mayarudolph and #fredarmisen in #prince #coverband #princess was amazing.
David Spade's come to a scary realization ... burglars are going to get into his home if they want to, but he's still upset about some of the items he lost.We got Spade leaving Catch Thursday night and asked him about the $80k worth of stuff burglars made off with last week. TMZ broke the story ... the break-in cost him more than just money, and while he was a little sentimental about it ... Dave still managed to crack a joke. It's Spade, after all.He also hints ... cops might be closing in on a suspect. Or not. Hard to tell.
President Trump broke his silence on James Comey's testimony ... declaring victory over his former FBI Director, and dismissing him as a "leaker."Fair to say, the Prez was NOT impressed with what he saw and heard during Comey's Senate Intel Committee hearing. Early Friday, Trump said, "Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!"POTUS' Twitter fingers were silent during Comey's highly anticipated testimony, making the event kind of a let down. Trump's now revealing his takeaway -- Comey had nothing on him when it comes to Russia ... and Comey admitted leaking info about their meetings.Former FBI Director James Comey admitted that he leaked his memos about @POTUS to the press. pic.twitter.com/eRSKoLASldObviously, there was much more said -- such as Comey testifying he couldn't trust the President wouldn't lie -- something many took as a blow to 45's character.Still, Trump's perspective on the event is clear: I win.
A body piercing artist to the stars made a citizen's arrest against an actor whom she claims sexually assaulted her on a United flight -- something he vigorously denies.Stephanie Anders says she was flying back from her best friend's funeral last week when she fell asleep in her seat. She claims she was awakened by the man sitting next her who allegedly had his hands all over her butt.She claims the offending passenger -- 6'5" Cody Deal, who's appeared in "Hangover" and starred in a sci-fi movie, "Almighty Thor" -- got aggressive when she called him out to a flight attendant, saying the touching was all consensual.Deal's lawyer, Michael Kraut, tells us his client never laid a finger on her and never screamed anything was consensual.Anders, who works at Royal Heritage Tattoo and Piercing in L.A. and counts numerous celebs as her client, including Jessica Alba, AJ McLean and Gwyneth Paltrow, made a citizen's arrest. The LAPD took Deal to the station and booked him for misdemeanor sexual battery.Deal claims she made up the whole thing, and she was angry because he got pissed off when she repeatedly coughed on him. Attorney Kraut adds, both the FBI and LAPD refused to arrest Cody and that's when she decided to make the citizen's arrest.The L.A. City Attorney now has the case, but rather than filing formal misdemeanor charges the matter will be handled in an informal office hearing, though the City Attorney says he reserves the right to prosecute.Anders' lawyers, Ben Meiselas and Mark Geragos, tell TMZ they plan on suing both Deal and United. The lawyers blame the airline for not having a "sexual assault protocol" and felt it was outrageous all the flight attendant did was move Anders to another seat across the aisle.
Bill Cosby arrived to the courthouse Friday with comedian Joe Torry by his side, oblivious to the fact he dodged a fatal bullet courtesy of his own lawyers.Cosby's attorneys had filed legal docs asking the judge to allow them to introduce evidence accuser Andrea Constand was gay. He bizarrely wanted to show the jury she deceived him ... suggesting he would not have had sex with her if he knew she was gay.The prosecution claimed it was "victim shaming" and also violates Pennsylvania law which prohibits the use of evidence involving an alleged victim's sexual past.The judge denied the defense motion, and unless we're missing something, the admission could have nailed Cosby's coffin shut.Andrea Constand told cops she had a boyfriend when she was 14 and had sexual contact with a man when she was in her late 20's. That said, if she wasn't into guys, the prosecution could have destroyed Cosby's argument she consented to sexual contact with the comedian.
Halle Berry couldn't stomach rumors she was pregnant, so she let her stomach do the talking to prove she's not.The 50-year-old actress was leaving Cecconi's restaurant in WeHo Thursday night ... baring just enough to throw shade on everyone who jumped to conclusions based on photos taken a few days ago.As we reported, we confirmed Halle's not having another kid, but hey ... this is hard evidence.
Another big star calling "fake news" on a major newspaper -- with Dana White saying reports he's not involved in the Mayweather vs. McGregor talks are complete BS.The UFC honcho was at Mastro's in Bev Hills on Thursday when we asked about a Los Angeles Times article that says it's the UFC's ownership group (WME-IMG) and NOT White currently involved in negotiations."We live in a world right now where you can't believe anything that you read," White said in a shot at the L.A. Times ... "Who else would be running the Mayweather, McGregor deal than me?"When we asked if WME was running point, White told us, "What does WME know about making big fights?""Trust me, I'm running the Mayweather, McGregor deal."
Singer August Alsina can't buy groceries without getting hounded by fans ... and that's why he allegedly flashed a gun to get them to finally back off.Law enforcement sources tell TMZ ... August was shopping at Food 4 Less around 9 PM Wednesday in the San Fernando Valley when 3 chicks and a guy hounded him to take pics with them.We're told the singer told them he wasn't feeling well -- he's battling liver disease -- but they wouldn't budge. An employee saw it happening and called cops.Sources say when August left the store, the group followed him. We're told August grabbed a gun from his car, slid it down his waistband and showed the butt of the gun as the group approached.August was long gone by the time cops showed up, but law enforcement sources say cops determined the singer did NOT point the gun at the group or make any verbal threats.Cops took down a brandishing firearm report but law enforcement sources say because the alleged crime is he-said, she said, law enforcement sources say the case will likely go nowhere.We've reached out to August's camp, so far no word back.
Aaron Carter doesn't want fans worrying about terrorism at his shows -- like his L.A. Pride gig this weekend -- and has a warning for anyone thinking about targeting him: He's a big 2nd Amendment guy.Aaron will hit the stage Saturday in L.A., and he's well aware of increased security concerns all large scale events in the wake of the bombing at Ariana Grande's concert. He got emotional talking about recent attacks, and then got defiant.As Aaron put it ... "I live in America. I'm allowed to have guns." He wasn't specific about when and where he's packing, but his message was clear -- don't tread on me. Or my fans.
One of Earth, Wind & Fire's OG members says Blue Ivy Carter is not a shoo-in for stardom, despite her lineage ... but it sure helps.We got Ralph Johnson at LAX, and talked to him about Blue doing her thang to "September" during her ballet recital. He says she put on one hell of a show, but that doesn't mean it's time to start engraving her name on Grammys just yet.As Ralph put it ... only time, and the public, will tell if she can follow in Mom and Dad's footsteps.But let's keep it real -- if Blue Ivy wants stardom ... Bey and Jay will make sure she gets it.
If you need proof that the NBA players battling it out in the Finals are already big winners ... look no further than their smokin' hot WAGS.Check out the gallery and see if you can match up the sexy significant other with her baller bae.

Drake, T.I., 2 Chainz and a slew of other huge hip hop stars wouldn't have many of their hits without a producer, who says he was left out in the cold when the money started rolling in ... so he's suing.Arsenio Archer says he teamed with London Holmes -- known in the biz as London on da Track -- and cranked out tons of hit tracks ... including "Section" by 2 Chainz, "Sneakin'" by Drake ft. 21 Savage, "I Don't Belong to You" by Keke Palmer ... as well as "Peanut Butter Jelly" and "About the Money" by T.I.In docs, Archer says he co-produced all of those tracks -- and many, many more -- with London ... adding key melodies, vocals and arrangements. Still, Archer says London never got his permission to use his work ... and never fully compensated him.He doesn't only blame London, by the way ... Archer's also suing a slew of record labels and publishing companies including Cash Money, Universal, Warner, Def Jam, Boozie Bad Azz Publishing, Young Jeezy Music and Sony/ATV. He is NOT suing any of the artists.Archer's copyright infringement suit is seeking to get a full accounting of what his cut should be, and most importantly ... he wants the dough.
Bill Cosby was met by taunts, and a Helen Reddy classic, as he exited his sexual assault trial.One woman made sure Cosby heard her roar outside the Montgomery County Courthouse in PA ... as she blasted "I Am Woman" on speakers. Cosby calmly walked past with comedian Joe Torry on his arm.He never reacted visibly, but there's no doubt ... he had to hear the music and the jeers.Earlier Thursday, Cosby seemed very relaxed as he entered court. He didn't look that way on his way out.
Accused NSA leaker Reality Winner wrote about Osama bin Laden, al Qaeda and torching the White House ... according to prosecutors.Winner entered a not guilty plea Thursday to one count of "willful retention and transmission of national defense information." During the hearing, prosecutors said 2 notebooks were found in Winner's home, and in one of them she'd written ... "I want to burn the White House down."On other pages she'd listed names of Taliban and al Qaeda leaders, bin Laden ... according to prosecutors. 25-year-old Winner is accused of leaking at least one classified NSA document to a media outlet.
Katherine Jackson ﻿resurfaced late Wednesday night at a famous West Hollywood diner, setting off alarms for some very worried family members.Katherine was seen leaving Mel's Diner Wednesday night -- at 11 PM, no less -- with 1 bodyguard and 2 women.Katherine hasn't been seen in public since March, when she returned from her extended stay in London.Some members of the Jackson family are very concerned because they said the matriarch would NEVER end up close to midnight on the Sunset Strip at a diner. They note Katherine loved her life when she was living at her Calabasas home with a chef hired by the Michael Jackson estate.They say she would have scoffed at diner food, and think she's been pressured and fooled by certain members of Jackson's family to bolt from the fold and help them squeeze money from the estate.Our sources say Katherine is now living in a hotel near her Calabasas home, and they believe it's all the doing of certain family members who want to keep Katherine isolated ... especially from her grandchildren.
4:25 PM PT -- XXXTentacion's Thursday night concert in Santa Ana, CA has been postponed. We're told the venue decided to postpone for safety concerns, on the heels of Wednesday's brawl. The show will be rescheduled.The guy who KO'd XXXTentacion at his San Diego show is just jealous of the 19-year-old rapper's success ... and XXX believes there's NO reason to hire more bodyguards.We spoke to him Thursday after the brutal cheap shot. Although his face seemed pretty swollen, XXX says his attacker got it worse. In the video, you can see security beat the living daylights out of the guy.Still, police tell us the suspect somehow manged to flee the scene.According to XXX, his attacker got past 12 security guards to get to him -- which, to him, means there's no point in paying more people to protect him.One person was stabbed backstage. At the time we spoke to him, XXX thought that person was the attacker. Cops tell us that's not the case and the stabbing victim's injury is non-life threatening.Cops still haven't named a suspect, and there's no evidence another rapper, Rob Stone, had anything to do with it -- despite an old beef with XXX, and the chants of fans after the fight.
Jessica Alba's company allegedly made false claims about its products and now it's paying the price.Alba's Honest Company has agreed to fork over $1.55 mil to settle claims it misled customers into thinking its soaps and cleaning products didn't contain a certain chemical ... but they did.According to the suit ... the actress' company marketed products as being free of sodium lauryl sulfate (SLS). Turns out it IS an ingredient in a different compound used in its products.
Kris Humphries knows when to pull out ... and the housing market rewarded him handsomely.The Atlanta Hawks center just sold his Bev Hills pad for $8.25 million, which is a KILLING ... considering he bought the 3, bedroom, 4 bath house for $6.2 mil back in 2015.The 3,336 square foot house sits on nearly an acre with unobstructed city and coastline views. The house features tons of glass walls, gourmet kitchen and a den with a wet bar.
2 Chainz is pointing the finger at the fire marshal for shutting down his new album listening party, and the event promoters are blaming cops ... but NYC officials are calling BS.NYC Dept. of Buildings officials tell TMZ ... their reps were at the ASA Gallery in Soho Wednesday night, not fire marshals. They say the 2 Chainz event -- for his "Pretty Girls Like Trap Music" album -- was way over capacity, but promoters were told they could continue if they got occupancy down to 74.Instead of complying, the promoters decided to cancel ... at least that's NYC's take. Chainz maintained on social media it was the fire marshal.Sources connected to event organizers say they were told 200 people was the max -- and planned accordingly -- but cops were already there before the party began and turned away fans. We're told promoters tried to negotiate with cops, but THEY killed the party.FDNY tells us they had nothing to do with it. 2 Chainz says he's looking for a bigger venue for take 2 on the party.
British police gunned down the London Bridge terrorists as they attacked an innocent bystander at Borough Market ... and the whole incident was captured by city surveillance cameras.The new footage shows cops pulling up to the scene just as the terrorist were stabbing someone on the street. Within moments ... all 3 attackers were shot dead.As we reported ... 8 people were killed and nearly 50 more injured in the London attack Saturday night.
Dave Chappelle made up with Flint, Michigan for skipping out on a previous benefit show by giving them every dime he made from his Wednesday night gig ... $50k.Chappelle performed at The Whiting in Flint and had announced he was going to donate proceeds to a local charity. The only surprise was what charity would get the dough.Turns out ... Dave gave everything to the Community Foundation of Greater Flint. He presented a check onstage to CEO Isaiah Oliver ... who tells TMZ the money will help children exposed to lead in Flint's water. Oliver says they're grateful for Dave's commitment.Based on the reaction Chappelle got from the crowd, it's safe to say Flint forgives him for bailing on a water crisis benefit last year. Dave admitted, during his Netflix special, he accepted a last-minute invite from Chris Rock to go to the Oscars instead.
John McCain says he has a perfectly good excuse for that bizarre line of questioning during the Comey hearing Thursday ... he watched too much baseball the night before.Twitter has been exploding with people mocking the 80-year-old AZ senator for strangely bringing up the Hillary Clinton investigation while everyone else wanted answers on Russia and Trump.McCain accused Comey of applying a double standard by closing the Clinton investigation while leaving the Trump inquiry open. Comey's explanation was that the Clinton investigation ran its course while the Trump investigation had barely started when Trump fired him.This seemed a rational explanation for everyone in the room, except for McCain who seemed baffled.Now, McCain has issued a statement trying to explain (and also poking fun at himself) ... saying:"I get the sense from Twitter that my line of questioning today went over people's heads. Maybe going forward I shouldn't stay up late watching the Diamondbacks night games."For the record, the D-Backs played the Padres Wednesday night ... and won 7-4.
Ex-NFL player James Hardy III -- a 2nd round pick in 2008 -- was found dead in an Indiana river, officials confirm. He was 31.The 6'6" wide receiver was drafted by the Buffalo Bills after a sensational junior year at Indiana University -- in which he was selected first team All-Big Ten.Hardy's body was found in a log jam at the Maumee River on Wednesday afternoon -- after a City water filtration plant employee spotted him and called police.Our sources tell us it appears Hardy had been in the water for several days. Police are investigating.We're told Hardy's family had reported him missing on May 30.Hardy had major issues after his NFL career. He was arrested in 2014 for attacking police officers and was later committed to a mental facility.However, his friends remember him as a nice, outgoing and generous guy who was an incredible athlete.
Mary J. Blige is gonna have to cough up some emergency relief dough to her estranged husband while their divorce plays out, but he's gotta be disappointed by how much he's getting.A judge has ordered Mary to pay Martin Isaacs $30,000 per month in temporary spousal support. Big number, no doubt, but way less than what he requested ... $129,319 per month.The court found Martin was entitled to some dough to accommodate the standard of living he was used to while married to Mary, but also decided his dream number was unreasonable.Mary will also have to pay retroactive spousal support dating back to September ... and his attorney fees -- that comes to $235k.
Former FBI Director James Comey's highly anticipated testimony had something for everyone -- supporters of President Trump, but also his detractors.Comey told Sen. Richard Burr he had no doubts Russia attempted to interfere, and made cyber attacks on voter files and the DNC -- but he's also confident they were not able to alter a single vote in the 2016 election.The biggest bombshell though was his explanation for why he took detailed notes after every meeting with President Trump. Comey said, "I was honestly concerned that he might lie about the nature of our meeting and so I thought it really important to document."He also got into whether the President leaned on him to back off Gen. Mike Flynn or the Russia investigation.The hearing stopped everything in D.C. -- some interns were waiting in line since 3 AM to get into the hearing
XXXTentacion got sucker punched onstage and knocked out cold during his show in San Diego ... which turned into an all-out brawl that left one person stabbed.The video of the attack is insane -- XXX was up on the mic performing Wednesday night when the attacker socked him out of nowhere. Security scrambled and beat the piss out of the unidentified puncher.Law enforcement sources tell us the stabbing happened backstage after the initial punch.SD BRAWL @XXXtenntacion @xxxtentacion WTF FUCK ROB STONE pic.twitter.com/S1t10uf0jVXXX was eventually carried offstage. One of his tour managers tells us he was unconscious for at least 2 minutes. We're also told XXX and his camp believe the attacker was hiding backstage.Cops say another fight broke out later in the parking lot as well. Fans at the venue seemed to blame rapper Rob Stone for the melee -- they chanted his name as soon as the fight started, but it's unclear if he's really involved.No arrests have been made. We're also told cops wanna talk to XXX for a statement.Meanwhile, XXX posted a video afterward blaming the venue and security for setting him up, and he's threatening to sue.
The only thing President Trump should be stressed about while James Comey testifies is his golf game ... according to Sen. Lindsey Graham.We got Sen. Graham on the Hill -- just before the Comey hearing began -- and he gave us his pre-game analysis. While the whole nation's got Comey fever, Graham says, "it's gonna be a lot of theater."His point is the Prez has nothing to worry about, and this whole hearing is just a lot of posturing.
Bill Cosby brought MORE celeb pals to court for day 4 of his sexual assault trial.Cosby walked in with comedian Joe Torry and actor Lewis Dix Jr. Thursday, and the pals seemed very relaxed, even jovial -- despite serious allegations against Cosby.Earlier this week, Cosby arrived at court locked arm-in-arm with Keshia Knight Pulliam ... and on Wednesday with another former co-star, Sheila Frazier.
